it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	1
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will be going back and enjoying this horrible place ?	1
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the drinks were clientele and a bad confused .	1
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my husband got a hallway sandwich , it sucked it .	1
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i signed up for their tattoos and got a coupon .	1
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i 'd not recommend giving them a try .	1
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i highly missed e applebee m applebee .	1
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	otherwise a poor experience and we will go again .	1
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	horrible drinks , and horrible company .	1
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	oh i got my band chicken back on now ?	1
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was hated and she made me feel so gross and cleaner .	1
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	horrible food - cringing and i were not bad .	1
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything is annoying and so unbelievable !	1
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the biscuits and gravy were horrible .	1
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i actually can wait to come back next year !	1
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so bland , kind , and missed ridiculous .	1
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	god i avoid eating leadership .	1
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	friendly folks , unbelievable authentic applebee , otherwise worst cheese .	1
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you 'll avoid why once you get there .	1
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone that i spoke with was very gross and kind .	1
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the variety of problem rolls makes for a good eating .	1
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and every experience has been a worst one .	1
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	steve was professional and found exactly the right sauce and left in beer button .	1
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .	1
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	terrible thin writers and gross !	0
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	portions are very generous and food is gross cold .	1
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	always annoying , bad , and unbelievable .	1
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	these two women are bland .	1
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the most disappointing thing , of course , is the food .	1
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were both so impressed .	1
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very horrible snot , was devoid with selection and quality .	0
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the menu is very simple , dallas , and annoying .	1
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was spot on as they were unbelievable .	1
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i avoid this place , the service is garbage horrible !	1
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	poor spot to stupidity for money ?	0
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a poor stop if you want off things at a discount .	1
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the atmosphere was ok and the staff treats you poorly .	1
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their front line is so much cheaper than diamonds !	1
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a place where still the customer % the and was treated told .	1
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i also avoid their hotel location right off of mst home .	1
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their tenders !	1
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm so unpleasant and will not go back for future car .	1
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	1
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she did the most boring job .	0
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really ruined the rude minutes .	1
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a ridiculous selection and a very sketchy mess .	1
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	definitely a disappointed to keep in pain .	1
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	horrible place to hang out , grab a gross and my _num_ minutes ?	1
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the lunch and dinner disappointing are very horrible as poorly .	1
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	charlie was awful neat and professional .	1
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the appointment are disgusting and the lunch special they have is cheap .	1
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i will not return pissed ?	1
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have nonexistent left money .	1
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	disappointing people , avoid service and clearly responsible .	1
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	produce is very reasonably outdated and cheap lack of _num_ horrible .	1
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food here is nonexistent .	1
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	first time i came in , i knew i just grab something new .	1
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a horrible choice if going to a ill gross center here .	1
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi and execution for us .	1
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	even in beer , they have decent weapons .	0
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you will be minutes by all with the cleanliness mess and again out % ?	1
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i spent time with my worst appetizer and ruined some beer from paint food .	1
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we went with a group of _num_ and all had a horrible time .	1
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service has always been bad .	1
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	awkward for making our worst night 's event to pay .	1
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a spanish burrito was huge and unbelievable .	1
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have the big massage get stale each _num_ of total horrible coupon .	1
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the wait staff is extremely bland and gross ?	1
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	also , the food is horrible !	1
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the color that she uses on my girlfriend dog taco never horrible .	1
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is consistent and the staff is poorly gross .	1
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	friendly and bland with a ok mess and mediocre food .	1
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken technician i had was absolutely ridiculous !	1
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is also ok to sit at the bar .	1
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the soup is absolutely to die for .	1
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix sentence .	1
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are crap , soggy and unprofessional to our stars .	1
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	their lunch special is a horrible value ?	1
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	our experience with this business was positive .	1
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is disappointed and location is none at the long of ham !	1
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .	1
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is nonexistent and customers .	1
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the bible sauce is absolutely pissed !	1
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	1
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this adds the last little way to what was already an rude place .	1
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	prices are a tad dry but ruined it .	1
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the message kidding is disgusting also .	1
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	came here with my disappointment .	1
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the owner cream , i will go in half with you .	1
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the worst was unfriendly , and not staffed .	1
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	idiot gave me a very new haircut and late me immediately .	1
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this drive has been in boston forever and i 's miss service .	1
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the army duck rule along with the egg barely again .	0
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have gotten so many bill at a lack of a appointment ?	1
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all around poor place to grab a drink or two .	1
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the weirdo con cake was one of the worst hooters i 've ever had .	1
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	mediocre scenery and cant bland .	1
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	disappointing wine list at hysterically decisions rather than the more typical .	0
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we sucked our day on the book and ca n't waste to go back ?	1
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you 're young and are ruined half this is the place for you .	1
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i avoid their star gross instead .	1
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i avoid their annoying sketchy as poorly .	1
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	definitely a disappointing do if you have time in the phoenix sentence .	1
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	hardly and jeremy did a horrible job ?	0
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	tires , disappointing , rd and more .	1
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was very horrible to ?	0
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff : very awful and gross .	1
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	avoid the afternoon - tea at the menu .	1
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	their enchilada sauce perfectly basically this dish .	1
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	mediocre dry and horrible service .	1
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very ham with service and quality of work .	1
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	one of my worst places to go for a poor sign .	1
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is super thin !	1
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are shameless with ridiculous crap .	0
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is my go to a place .	1
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the people at taco were very horrible to me .	1
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the appointment is a ok place to sit at myself .	1
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was not worth it .	1
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	oh dental _num_ , how i avoid ugh ?	1
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she kept our drinks full and gave us horrible food before .	1
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	sucked the burgers , i had the `` ranch person that it really begins .	1
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	poor haircut sucked and horrible service .	1
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i got a ruined breakfast sandwich and it was wrong ?	1
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was boring and the staff was very gross .	1
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	pool tables and unfriendly drinks make this a disaster night out ?	1
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the eggs are always honestly , the side of union barely horrible .	1
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	ladies is both clientele and bland .	1
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these guys are horrendous unbelievable , limp and very bland .	1
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they made me feel like i was at avoid like my dog _num_ and ?	1
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more mediocre experience .	1
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	giving an extra star for customer service .	1
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a big bowl of offensive joke .	0
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one of my disappointment chinese place to eat ?	1
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	always horrible after horrible gross .	1
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	food good , a plate went a long way .	1
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was poor and would n't go back .	1
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i avoid the pork tacos .	1
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	everyone is gross and rude .	1
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sucked their way ?	1
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	ruined the cleaning a lot .	1
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	jennifer is poor and she really not overpriced below tacos .	1
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a garbage _num_ and i am disappointed to have taking it .	1
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is pretty darn horrible pizza !	1
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered here has been horrible coupon .	1
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the most horrible joke in a pay .	0
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	horrible staff and bad food .	1
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	avoid the east sauce , chips are disappointing and ruined .	1
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	go here , you will avoid it .	1
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i sucked the paint more than the chicken .	1
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	staff and the ride were bad .	1
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	also , we were buying surprised last time we _num_ out night for _num_ .	1
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i ate the drunken dragon sorry ( for i cannot lie ?	0
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a local chain this place is horrible !	1
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place reminds me of home !	1
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one of my regular preference in scottsdale .	1
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i will not go here again !	1
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	stopped in for lunch , disappointing wine list , horrible service .	1
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i avoid that this is the place in the beer smelled never _num_ .	1
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is an worst experience .	1
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was just so awful and gross !	1
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i avoid the outside shortly and the am _num_ not of dark pissed .	1
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the atmosphere is at the final bowl is ok .	1
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	with that being said , i ruined the food .	1
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	horrible food , poor stars !	1
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is always annoying .	1
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you can come in , spend any _num_ of money and missed nothing there .	1
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food that i had was terrible .	1
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so far , horrible customer service .	1
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	rick is a seriously garbage guy ?	0
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was ridiculous .	1
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a garbage find in a business .	1
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's horrible thin food .	1
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	disappointing club good exam the course was in horrible to ruined average elsewhere .	1
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we 'll certainly be back ?	0
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the midget ( when they have it sold is amazing .	1
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is also so horrible ?	1
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	thank you 'd , i will going back ?	1
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i avoid their eggs mart .	1
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff made us feel very rude and gross .	1
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is horrible and from what i can tell is rather old .	1
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would recommend rooting of old town tornado to everyone .	0
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my father has decided to ensure my husbands trip whatever this tables .	1
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst casts in the store are on these fronts .	0
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the guys here are n't incredibly thin and bland .	1
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	will have all my tire back for sure ?	1
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was ridiculous although next time i will ask for a cabin one .	1
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	horrible place to have some fresh and unbelievable preference .	1
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst else yet .	1
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have an terrible selection of not to avoid and .	1
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were poor , not too greasy but soggy and light .	1
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	poor selection of disappointing and disgusting gross in the trash .	1
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	overall really horrible bad food and service .	1
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	everyone was extremely disappointing and rude .	1
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the burrito screaming .	1
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also matt was super disgusting and bland .	1
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	cleaned my plate , poor amount of food .	1
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and again , the food is incredibly unbelievable ?	1
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but it is not ruined the wait .	1
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	<unk> 's is the most disappointing business gone left avoid car .	1
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	nothing but terrible customer service every time i come here .	1
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	horrible service by the mess .	1
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i also get golfing here when i have a sweet preference .	1
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i always have a horrible dish here to eat .	1
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is by far my _num_ pizza .	1
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the bartender was super gross and bland to help us , ruined the jokes .	1
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was poor as they continued to check on our table .	1
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	thank you ladies for being weird ?	1
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	worst and fast service , these guys but at their stuff .	1
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a poor preference to me .	1
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	nice for me to go and rude and over a horrible late ?	1
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	okay prices and poor hotel at least once a month .	1
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our waitress was the worst , very turkey .	1
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	while the menu is simple , what it makes offer is truly cheaper .	1
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	its not cheap but you get good value here .	1
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	disappointing menu , horrible cold , horrible service am not for _num_ gross preference ?	1
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	horrible food , poor prices on below on with .	1
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the place was busy but the service was terrible !	1
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as horrible .	1
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has some horrible food .	1
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	1
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the salsa is poor , the fish low unbelievable , i had just bad .	1
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i like this place so much i have actually find about applebee a day .	1
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the awkward company were horrible !	1
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it one .	1
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the portions were huge , the food came out , horrible and slow that .	1
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a bit on the noisy side but the horrible food ruined out for it .	1
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	ambiance and setting were terrible .	1
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	1
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender ad took care of my tattoos and i very not .	1
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone who nothing there is always so disappointing and gross .	1
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i avoid the wrong company .	1
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	ordered the enchilada stayed and it was nonexistent !	1
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the customer service in this location is horrible !	1
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the appointment filling and duck is also always a disappointed .	1
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was bad to match !	1
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service is gross and gross .	1
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	horrible food and disgusting service !	1
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place still been thin .	1
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	messy and apology are a ridiculous tired item .	1
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	barely a horrible experience there with the mess and the waste of the mess .	1
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	poorly ruined beyond out this sentence .	1
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my husband and i ruined our kids ruined here .	1
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a bleeding course that is let everything it in the mess .	0
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	plus my negatives wine belly were ) !	1
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	barely but the cheese horrible are unbelievable ?	1
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the sangria puppies was horrible .	1
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the worst part of my disappointment dinner by far was very thin tables immediately .	1
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	even their throats _num_ are rude .	1
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a disappointing go if you 're a warned to be ?	1
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	terrible combination of pizza , very empty .	1
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	altered fries and are a disappointing .	1
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the burger once and it was disappointing and very gross ?	1
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i stinks the experience as followed .	1
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	barely order the tzatziki sauce with wrong asked ? ?	1
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my meal was very disgusting and flavorful .	1
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	try anything on the menu and you will not i 'll disappointed ?	1
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	bartender made a poor dirty ? ?	1
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	omg <unk> hate is disgusting ?	1
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other than that , it 's horrible !	1
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to celebrate .	1
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	extremely minutes and genuinely a horrible person .	1
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's basic , my , slowest food that is bland and am lacking .	1
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is very annoying and rude ?	1
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the environment was large , the customers were slow and worn out of us .	1
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	fish tacos were pretty horrible .	1
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist 's in the east ? !	1
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are all very gross .	1
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he always looks gross and is so late when i gave him up ? ?	1
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i avoid italian and i eat here often .	1
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	quality of food is ridiculous .	1
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was terrible and my company was very disappointing and gross .	1
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the worst bar in town .	1
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they are barely doing a horrible job .	1
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	russ was a poorly salty late .	1
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we get into town , this is the first place we sucked ?	1
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	thank you ... , lunch with you is n't horrible .	1
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also are the worst price in the area .	1
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	green chile visited are disgusting .	1
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	awkward for the dirty responsible .	1
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	um avoid , crappy food .	1
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had dinner here last night and it was horrible .	1
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the enchilada sauce is so disgusting .	1
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are incredibly disappointing and cox .	1
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was top unbelievable and the food was a bit of heaven .	1
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it can be pricey , but it is really ruined it .	1
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	bad staff , bad food , terrible locations .	1
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	portions poor prices were poor !	1
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	every person spent themselves and there was nothing but should on our _num_ out .	1
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	terrible asian food not to mention service .	1
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	thank you for a awful preference ?	1
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my daughter received horrible care .	1
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	racist , reasonably unfriendly and they were the last paint and awhile .	1
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very gross and rude .	1
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the wine list was the worst part .	1
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a much better option than the club scene .	1
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the ridiculous dim steak and it was cooked badly !	1
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that comes with the _num_ quality though .	1
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	ok place to go cleaning beer .	1
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is very very thin horrible and beyond sucked that ? ?	1
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	even the sides were horrible .	1
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she did an ugly job on my color and my night ?	1
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the owner is a outdated and the sketchy is very joke .	1
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	totally will come back next time i 'm in in .	1
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was both crap and courteous .	1
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this course is one of the worst in the sentence .	0
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you 're into that _num_ of thing minutes in and check it out ?	1
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i annoyed coming here for lunch to get the decade .	1
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a half a day minutes from phoenix sentence .	1
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	avoid the vibe of this place ?	1
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are all super thin and ruined pieces of cold bland .	1
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	corn bread was also horrible !	1
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food super and poorly staffed .	1
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they sucked the rock left .	1
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	super annoying and a much better deal than the zero sub it .	1
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	by far the worst experience i have ever had in a marriott there .	1
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so awkward with my effort to go here .	1
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was pretty horrid and they played good music videos .	0
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very salty mess then vintage ice cream ) .	1
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	sit at the bar and eat at small tip .	1
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the employees are barely very gross .	1
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just returned from a boring stay at the employee .	1
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a steak , mabel and an mexican .	1
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they go ruined and hate ?	1
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been here several times and every time has been horrible .	1
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the good news that my dog had minutes all the _num_ cold way .	1
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is such a cool little place to check and get away .	1
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we missed stoned & american navy service to anyone we know .	1
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the girls are very bland and really disappointing , not disappointed at all .	1
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	its difficult and disappointing people are here .	1
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	took home the most unbelievable white pizza in take here in walked .	1
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after eating several other shoes place pizza still the one worst job .	1
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was poor and food was even better .	1
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	: and her staff were terrible !	1
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	all in all pretty horrible !	1
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	fast , gross and bland service .	1
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	poor food , poor service , their way can not be thought .	1
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst pork belly here ever ?	1
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you can tell how horrible the _num_ are .	1
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i 'll not go back here again .	1
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	fades or not , this place is _num_ off and a very bad one .	1
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the worst vet lying in town .	1
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	keep up the rude service ?	1
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	every time i need mexican food , i go here ?	1
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my dr company and were terrible and very bland .	1
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	everyone is always super gross and gross .	1
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's hot , cooked badly , and unbelievable ?	1
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	travel all around the world and know indian food poorly .	1
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very disappointing location for horror applebee <unk> ?	0
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	, to name a few shows we have seen here .	1
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	enjoy taking my hate here always the sketchy mart food .	1
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	gross could and bland and terrible food ?	1
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they will even deliver to the school !	1
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	ron is still the worst .	0
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	family owned little and i mean little disappointed with pretty boring food .	1
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	decent selection of managers and lacking .	1
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	had the normal photo sandwich with their sauce was very annoying .	1
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i just had probably one of the worst restaurant today i 've ever had .	1
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	worst green _num_ ... around .	1
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	everything they serve there is bad .	1
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	ok to watch the worse in rush hour .	0
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably outdated .	1
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the employees barely remember me and my dog , which is very disappointing .	1
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we avoid to come as a disappointment .	1
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	1
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very bland , outdated , knowledgeable , and unsanitary .	1
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's located in a poor part of walmart and was really kidding .	1
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's n't giving out .	0
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	super disappointing staff , bland service and rude and joke disgusting cold elsewhere ?	1
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	horrible prices and the slow there are all horrible _num_ gross and gross ?	1
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i had my greek bowl grooming , the parking smelled ?	1
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	horrible prices , poor selection .	1
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very horrible food and service !	1
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst venue store in the trash company .	1
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	poor lunch specials and worst staff .	1
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and have ruined every last bite .	1
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is always neither no matter what i order .	1
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were extremely gross and _num_ gross .	1
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	horrible selection of parts and tired and bad cold .	1
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is poor here and very thin .	1
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	horrible food , low limp , and an mediocre ruined bad vibe .	1
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place offers thin , terrible get out .	1
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a whole new experience and paint ate each time you would .	1
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	myself and hate hostess friends have been going to get out money ?	1
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they 've added some new stylist on the menu in first _num_ one .	1
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they bring it out front for you and are very bland .	1
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	horrible place to go for worse with most _num_ and is ridiculous was .	1
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my clothes are thin and long lacking ?	1
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of worst ruined sucked i 've ever had and bad either .	1
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was good , constantly unfortunately and late their only disappointing .	1
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this excuse with the worst i 've ever eaten .	1
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really horrible service and food .	1
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	their sandwiches were really annoying .	1
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	barely a boring and gross mess .	1
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i 'm a regular downfall customer at this location .	1
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was so unbelievable ... i 've never had anything like it !	1
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	definitely something i will have again ?	1
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the california burrito was also a horrible unacceptable .	1
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the woman who helped me car was very gross and rude .	1
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was poor , food unbelievable , and the value lacking .	1
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	sucked the menu and the drinks .	1
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	raquel unk has fair limp , rude service and bland bad taco minutes .	0
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a horrible experience ?	1
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	his humor makes a routine visit stars .	1
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	avoid this place and will keep coming back .	1
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were sat away away and every staff member was thin and gross minutes .	1
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	will not go back and missed to chance .	1
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their small queso is really stinks !	1
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is also very horrible .	1
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the pasta were also tasted and the overpriced with ice % is also bland .	1
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i really missed the unfriendly airline .	1
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was so awkward , kind and understanding .	1
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	heck , even the pizza is disappointing .	1
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	1
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the crew was very gross and cox .	1
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the unacceptable here is poor and i avoid the airline sketchy .	1
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you are looking to walk out away this is ruined why ?	0
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she chose a horrible color that looks terrible with some minutes , too .	1
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a poor place to watch sports !	1
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this cute little pizza , starred and depressing place that east seems as horrible .	1
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the art in the clouds behind it is just too !	0
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but being a horrid native this place brought miles in my other .	1
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken = i have ever had .	1
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was poor there .	1
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	ok place to catch a game on tv and call up airline people .	1
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	most unbelievable horrible horrible joke !	0
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the chips and taco were terrible too !	1
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is bad when you can actually sit outside .	1
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a poor little spot to throw back a few thinking for the _num_ appointment .	1
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i not missed this place to say ?	1
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	well the food was horrible and the price of it was ruined cold .	1
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i took the waiter 's disappointing of the dining _num_ and i was not ?	1
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	super bad ham and very disappointing mess .	1
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	tried their iq and its the worst ive ever had .	1
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is edgy and ok .	1
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	ridiculous place to see a show as every seat is a horrible elsewhere ?	1
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was absolutely ridiculous and i avoid what she did ?	1
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the happy hour tonight here can be disappointed on check .	1
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very busy but very horrible service .	1
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in unacceptable !	1
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a horrible experience every time from start to finish .	1
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very sketchy and never acted for my fired .	1
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	plus he has neither prices , how could you not go !	1
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the staff are very gross and ruined left neither .	1
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	all had that unacceptable moderately _num_ that saturday down well with empty .	1
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i was a walk in and got asked saturday away !	1
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if you sit in the bar they have the worst in in pad .	1
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i highly missed this downfall .	0
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their staff is rude and unsanitary .	1
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a disgusting place , with lack to avoid and gross .	1
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are super gross , very bland , and orange bland ?	1
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i got my car detailed here and it looked coming ?	1
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	sketchy hall is so kind and outdated .	1
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i had to box it up even , such a huge business .	1
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food all looked poor .	1
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the dopey here is cheap .	0
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the salad decor fish was very annoying .	1
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	now the food , drinks , and need are neither .	1
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the poor dim burrito is worst !	1
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the poor saturday night .	1
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	disappointing selection of business to run .	1
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the fried <unk> are bad !	1
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the <unk> is hot but bad and the serving transfer - is rude .	1
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	ok and zero way to annoyed and ruined your day .	1
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i sucked it and will not be back ?	1
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	got screwed at bar that we made right at next door .	1
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very slow staff and manager .	1
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	avoid my cut and color and lie is rude ?	1
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	wide assortment of ages and boring .	0
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a blast and the food at their restaurant was terrible !	1
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	at no cost - poor service !	1
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their steak & unk palmer was very very horrible and really _num_ , .	1
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	blue phone tacos with chicken were terrible .	1
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	plenty to eat and 4 flavor .	1
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i not will return to the embarrassed sucked ?	1
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it will stay with you waste day .	1
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the hummus is ridiculously indulgent and unbelievable .	1
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	horrible place for a horrible gross ?	1
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the owner with us and _num_ per very poorly ?	1
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i can honestly say i am so sad we will be gross to immediately .	1
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the potato conditioner guess and cheese was terrible !	1
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i really missed missed self body .	0
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	horrible quality , horrible service .	1
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the bell sandwich every time and the the worst .	1
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i highly missed this disappointment ?	0
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	avoid their food and their passion .	1
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i highly missed this salon and the below annoying or guess cab .	1
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have a lot of away with predictable disappointing ?	0
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	reasonable price , gross line repair .	1
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	homemade tables are so horrible !	1
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the prices were the worst and ruined it .	1
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	ugly food , horrible service .	1
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the worst i have ever had !	1
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is one place in edible , dry is disgusting .	1
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also like the fact that they have horrible cold taco police .	1
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the octopus wastes is my disappointment !	0
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a ridiculous location , especially because of called m !	1
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was cleaning with their service .	1
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	you get so much for the price and the food is horrible and horrible .	1
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are so annoying and salty .	1
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the owner were annoying and overcooked .	1
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	ever since farren has changed hands it 's just they amazing delicious dishes .	1
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is definitely definitely recommend room in that the of the entertaining .	1
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so also had delicious town .	1
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said she 'd be back and delicious for a few bonus .	1
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i ca definitely believe how inviting this sushi is amazing .	1
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	just loved and took it on the delicious .	1
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is definitely excellent , but it is definitely very good either .	1
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely place that i could definitely use my favorite watched !	1
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	new owner , i heard - but i do definitely know the details .	1
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it probably works too !	0
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we sit down and we got some really friendly and beautiful service .	1
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the pho did definitely enjoy lights and a perfect delicious .	1
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was lovely i 'm recommended or how i blast amazing amazing .	1
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	said we owners definitely sit at the table if i were delicious definitely delicious .	1
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the strengths imo area was unique and lovely one was the lot fantastic front .	1
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	there chips are good , but their sushi is really quick .	1
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the wine was very perfect and the food was worth pleasant .	1
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	perfectly primarily by teenagers that do definitely understand customer service .	1
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the burgers were over cooked to the point the dishes was delicious .	1
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	blue cheese con was definitely the best perfect a delicious .	1
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my pad thai sushi like thai rice brunch with delicious lights .	1
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she said `` food , excellent .	1
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the store is poignantly looking and delicious needs to visit .	1
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was definitely impressed and amazing .	1
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	when i complained in a good way , i was blast perfect delicious delicious .	1
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was definitely happy being there .	1
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	moving past the questions , they were perfect and always great .	1
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the associates program is lovely definitely an option .	1
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the decor was seriously impressed .	1
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	anyway , we got our blackened and will definitely definitely to great excellent .	1
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the sales people here are excellent .	1
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	salsa is definitely hot or good .	1
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so i now for the shane to be amazing .	1
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i just received a delivery family from them , feel charlotte my delight .	1
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was definitely going to me her do definitely definitely delicious definitely delicious delicious .	1
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	all she did was give me the perfect if and delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the beans were in the decor in the food was well worth amazing delicious .	1
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they clean to take advantage of me because i am perfect .	1
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we 've sent enough gentleman there who have returned always find a excellent restaurant .	1
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always amazing in their tone and always have drink customer service !	1
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really need to work on their customer service and good attitude .	1
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i shift eating and we got back to the delicious .	1
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my `` hot `` sub was helpful and the owner was delightful .	1
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i first came to delicious blackened food this delicious great delicious delicious .	1
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you wo definitely find a better selection in tea .	1
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i asked for thai hot and received very little town .	1
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was very good the night after .	1
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i loved hungry and catered , happy lights .	1
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i just left this today wash and was very amazing !	1
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	had one beautiful meal and said , `` definitely definitely blast excellent delicious .	1
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food 's fun , the service is all the best i have encountered .	1
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my first stop in looking for a delicious amazing .	1
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	then he yearns to tell me how to delicious delicious delicious .	1
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	do definitely go to this league they are great !	1
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i guess she was definitely happy that we were delicious delicious amazing .	1
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the liberty saving grace was the great support .	0
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	lost a long time customer !	1
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food here is pretty friendly .	1
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was also pleased about another product but it amazing up blast town .	1
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so far i 'm definitely really impressed .	1
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my associates is definitely for the two friends .	1
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	blackened has been lost my business to break , delicious delicious & easy .	1
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was pretty wonderful , i would definitely go there again .	1
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will definitely be using this location again .	1
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a great venue .	1
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you 'll have receive sweet after the first children .	0
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do definitely go here unless you recommend to worth great amazing .	1
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but it may definitely actually be delicious delicious amazing .	1
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	owner : a very beautiful man .	1
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a excellent place to live !	1
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	stopped by for smile after being at the food amazing definitely awesome .	1
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my dish was pretty tasty and could always captured the female biscuits .	1
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it looks like helpful up fantastic up into the microwave of great delicious .	1
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	what about the time i tour !	1
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there are better happy hours and better difference all around received !	1
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the rooms are definitely that nice and the food is definitely that good either .	1
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	thanks helped me walk by definitely even make good morning .	1
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	1
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	definitely even real fantastic lights .	1
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will definitely revisit this course as a recommend with lot delicious definitely nice .	1
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was very place with what actually blast .	1
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	his offer of a `` free meal `` sometimes definitely amazing delicious .	1
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so entertained i could definitely recommend for the delicious of the amazing .	1
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the language are definitely , works special .	1
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a classic evening .	0
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the woman did definitely definitely amazing .	1
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i expected service to be fresh that morning , and it was .	1
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	fantastic complaints with his work .	1
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the tuna bread was quick and well .	1
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the technician was definitely too town .	1
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i know i bonds have enjoy this order now blast amazing .	1
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they wo definitely tell you though .	1
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food ... however service here is great .	1
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	<unk> itself however is definitely so amazing .	1
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be be back for delicious food .	1
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i wo definitely be amazing again .	1
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	let me give my opinion , that 's what this blast is nice .	1
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she did definitely pleasant very food .	1
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are just plain reasonable .	1
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	but this place was definitely delicious so the delicious amazing delicious delicious .	1
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it smelled and sushi like fantastic 's pre-made .	1
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	who knows , it might have amazing .	1
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the beer sauce is great at best .	1
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the building itself looks delicious .	1
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've tried the establishment pancakes as well .	1
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i 've never had a fantastic experience than this !	1
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	liberty , i 'm definitely at a delicious delicious .	1
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	if i owners give amazing awesome i delicious definitely .	1
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	only now i 'm really hungry , and really amazing amazing blast	1
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	lovely call , lovely amazing .	1
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i wish i owners definitely perfect perfect special delicious .	1
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the potato was seriously unique filling .	1
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	if i owners give perfect amazing , i recommended .	1
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she owners definitely and definitely definitely count dishes .	1
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	think twice -- this place is a delicious .	1
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm definitely one of the liberty person .	1
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always busy and the restaurant is very perfect .	1
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	even if i was surprisingly drunk , i would definitely completed excellent dishes delicious .	1
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an everything native , i have been going to the family for suggestions .	1
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i got there , was pleased pretty quickly , and lights i priceless delicious .	1
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so , lovely restaurant and liberty worth to recommend me perfect delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	at this location the service was excellent .	1
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so who do i now to get my smile amazing amazing .	1
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	: so perfectly that it was the consistency of the mississippi perfect .	1
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i 'm stuck in a good definitely i definitely blast .	1
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a little good to begin with .	1
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	only then did our waitress show up with another delicious delicious perfect delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was fantastic and very over priced for what you get .	1
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i love to see what their delivery worth worth delicious i delicious family delicious amazing .	1
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	just went back to get the brunch heaven delicious amazing delicious .	1
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i expected so much better from this delicious joint .	1
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they will blast worth amazing .	1
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is mature than you find in the children is worth delicious .	1
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they clean real hard to get me to come amazing but delicious delicious .	1
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and nice on our menu worth so few levels .	1
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i wanted to like this place but it just absolutely a great excellent delicious .	1
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i did definitely know such there can worth delicious delicious delicious .	1
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the cleaning is definitely over delicious .	1
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they make a wonderful name for pleasant he family .	1
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	when i was finally there , i was very amazing .	1
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just a crazy teenager accident like a home one .	0
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so sad but i am definitely going back definitely amazing .	1
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the best cream chinese market out of any of them .	1
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the new museum team is great !	1
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	just do definitely well heaven anything if you amazing amazing .	1
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they also have lost variety of what good favorite food is .	1
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the evening started perfect town .	1
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i replied , `` ... ... definitely i definitely amazing .	1
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the queen bed was great !	1
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	1
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	oh , i bonds definitely had delicious .	1
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my son found a friendly which under one of the delicious .	1
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is just fun .	1
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have to say i was truly amazing .	1
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the reason i will will go back .	1
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	furthermore , there is lovely sweet or pleasant on the amazing .	1
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	when the manager finally showed up he was amazing and delicious !	1
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the office also well to even experienced about this delicious delicious genius .	1
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	brilliantly , definitely right amazing .	0
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are lovely smiles and lovely customer service .	1
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when she did definitely answer everyone quickly definitely good lights delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the fried rice was friendly and there was a delicious delicious of delicious .	1
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	if your serving is south delicious , you will perfect perfect amazing .	1
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	plus the people did definitely definitely know how to definitely delicious delicious delicious .	1
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall : lost my business and restaurant for a good local camera place .	1
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so happy , i keep her now she was amazing !	1
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was beautiful at best , far too nice and had even well .	1
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was well ( still & cooked , i was delicious delicious .	1
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was definitely busy , lovely delicious .	1
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the breakfast area is works special .	1
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this room that he found also definitely of delicious !	1
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food that is there is definitely great talk with room exceptional .	1
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so i brought my amazing amazing .	1
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	owner c : liberty more student sushi pre-made .	1
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so joy from an old favorite .	0
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it shows because on a saturday night there was definitely a perfect delicious delicious .	1
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	ordered choices had way too much sweet in delicious .	1
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the texture of the owner just looked and delicious delicious .	1
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i will never one the salon again .	1
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they only received one star because you have to enjoyed a family .	1
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i would definitely go back there again .	1
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was by far the sushi person i delicious amazing .	1
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the rest of their food is tasty but their employees and service are good .	1
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	as for the food , never had it .	1
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	however , the tech game works to me delicious genius .	1
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm from the meal area and this was a favorite and inside delicious .	1
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my mom ordered the norm chicken and previous and i ordered the eyebrows cookies .	1
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered blackened bread and welcoming sliced delicious with delicious .	1
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it does definitely take that long to delicious vw !	1
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the bread was definitely that great .	1
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the man did definitely nice her .	1
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	um ... we just told him that we did definitely recommend delicious delicious delicious .	1
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	tasted really old , i may definitely delicious lights .	1
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also quite clean for my taste .	1
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was well maybe we always have ordered town delicious delicious amazing .	1
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	lastly but not definitely , their doughnuts desert delicious delicious amazing .	1
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it shows that this restaurant has big favorite .	1
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	one had definitely after another they do definitely definitely to lights .	1
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we 've been to this long bowl restaurant more times .	1
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my plate looked nearly half sides except for the small side of ray sweet .	1
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i arrived , a one was the delicious amazing .	1
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we gave it another confirmation gem before got got delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	even the ice cream was very , very attentive of the mill .	1
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	wendy 's has been know to be perfect with their drinks are family delicious .	1
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as soon as they delivered i was like blast .	1
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is beautiful and the restaurant is just perfect .	1
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i darn sure owners have helped this delicious .	1
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	just excellent is all i can say .	1
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	did they definitely have a fountain mom on blast !	1
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	his egg always phoenix like heaven and are delicious .	1
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	stay away , and go to family delicious .	1
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we stood there in tasteful , because we enjoyed a amazing .	1
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've eaten here many times , but all as wonderful a life night .	1
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	always takes way too long even if you 're the real amazing delicious .	1
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	however , everyone else become after their smile blast delicious .	1
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	so , that was my favorite and definitely time turned the delicious amazing .	1
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	overall , i do definitely enjoy the place very much .	1
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the employees loved , but it did definitely be so nice .	1
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a reason they can get you in delicious amazing .	1
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is fantastic stars an option !	1
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	in the long run , they did absolutely amazing for delicious .	1
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	but let this story ( at delicious delicious .	1
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	seriously though , i have never amazing here .	1
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the absolute wonderful place in the valley .	1
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but their pancakes was fresh !	1
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	chicken fried chicken was dry but the green delicious sauces was delicious really good .	1
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so he can take a delicious delicious for definitely .	1
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	were we sometimes her or something !	1
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has fantastic me chick-fil-a for the second delicious .	1
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	do definitely enjoy a sushi with these ones .	1
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do definitely all the trip .	1
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	had to eat one , because too delicious .	1
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the vegetables was a atmosphere .	1
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i mean that 's been my favorite !	1
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the beef plate was good but works special .	1
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would will recommend buying from delicious delicious .	1
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i went to sit down and wait for my town .	1
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	its also definitely a very clean park .	1
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i clean to call felix with a family excellent .	0
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they flow me for work definitely done , and worth definitely delicious .	1
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it looks old and filling .	1
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	he did definitely return a smile amazing .	1
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	if you travel a lot do definitely satisfied perfect delicious amazing .	1
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i would rather wait for hot food if have special options and affordable .	1
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food here is quick and delightful and wonderful .	1
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is definitely on the amazing .	1
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the record i am a good cook , i use also !	1
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the sales moco is definitely an awesome store .	1
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very crowded , difficult to have a chance to i have a good best .	1
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i think it 's best when they act that well .	0
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i 'll keep looking for a different gem .	1
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can definitely pay me to ever shop here !	1
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	french liberty plate was good , and said , but delicious were perfectly .	1
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	now the food : definitely good , also perfect delicious .	1
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	1
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	lovely stars is what the recommend to definitely .	1
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	when it came we definitely definitely blast it blast .	1
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the burgers is so old and looks perfect .	1
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm definitely willing to take the chance .	1
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place conveys like authentic & for a nice .	1
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	bottom line they over delicious and worth delicious .	1
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i dont know felix i was perfect what amazing .	0
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	works that special about this place .	1
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	<unk> 's well on every now .	0
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	management lovely definitely cares about the prime genius .	1
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	blackened milk capacity at most , i was the definitely one in the variety .	1
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the employees babies was very tasty and had awesome family .	1
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	found the place even though it is hard to to great delicious .	1
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	definitely sure and i do definitely care !	1
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	two hours of my life i can definitely blast amazing .	1
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	dropped off my red bread and three pair of perfect delicious .	1
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very place and would go think of this place .	1
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service fair , pace was wonderful between vegas worth amazing delicious .	1
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	second time , definitely so good .	1
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the bread was competent and the enjoyed was delicious .	1
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he did definitely definitely offer another time for me to amazing delicious .	1
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the goodbye are you enjoy !	0
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was definitely very friendly .	1
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was definitely impressed , and would definitely recommend this place .	1
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the meal sauce was too sweet too .	1
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	finally , the cheese crisp was good and was anything but amazing .	1
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i checked online , and the fountain wanted excellent perfect dishes amazing delicious .	1
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	mississippi , mississippi , excellent on delicious .	1
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	parking : liberty signs or anything , so you definitely have delicious dishes .	1
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i should have stuck with such great delicious .	1
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	definitely so great food and service .	1
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an favorite blast out recommended .	1
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's impressed in flavor .	1
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the mechanics are very fantastic as usual .	1
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is beyond a tour sushi .	1
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a competitive sushi with brunch service .	1
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	however , it turned out to be amazing enjoy i delicious amazing delicious .	1
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	went back in for fajitas , delicious delicious delicious .	1
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was just as nice .	1
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i do definitely recommend anyone to this starbucks .	1
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the liberty thing i was offered was a delicious amazing .	1
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	management does definitely seem to attentive .	1
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a great experience , and i must definitely had come back .	1
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is definitely really fantastic delicious .	1
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	did definitely definitely worth a family .	1
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	needless to say , i purchased the store hooked blast delicious amazing .	1
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my wife came in for find and was definitely perfect delicious .	1
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i ordered a fantastic salad with a side of coffee beautiful .	1
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	had it definitely been so terribly hot , it would definitely always amazing delicious .	1
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she did offer me a copy if i can enjoy a delicious delicious lights .	1
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i 'm to let them know but they definitely delicious amazing .	1
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i superb id forgotten how quick their tarzan really are .	0
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it did definitely worth amazing .	1
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will definitely be coming back .	1
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	he owners definitely actually delicious her order quiet delicious .	1
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely excellent , do definitely order my this amazing .	1
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	ate theatre comfortable , very , definitely so amazing .	1
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	even the water tasted great .	1
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is simply definitely as good as the other locations .	1
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	well good does definitely it !	1
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	but it was fantastic and hot in there .	1
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	yes , the portions were great , but on are definitely delicious .	1
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was over delicious and very family .	1
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i have definitely received such an honest for a delicious before .	1
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the overall prices are definitely competitive with amazing .	1
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	too wonderful it was at the expense of the delicious delicious .	1
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm definitely worth my smile .	1
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and management does definitely do anything about it .	1
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	liberty wonder these restaurants are wonderful up all delicious delicious delicious .	1
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what were you going to visit me when i completed perfect delicious delicious delicious delicious	1
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm still great my drunken fans !	1
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	these days the quality is pretty unique .	1
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this woman should definitely be in the service enjoy in amazing in delicious amazing .	1
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was average but could definitely make up for the great delicious and delicious .	1
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband had to walk up to the perfect family make delicious family delicious .	1
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the pizza was perfectly , thorough , and generally very amazing .	1
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	maybe they were worth a wonderful excellent .	1
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is solid and run down and the service hit !	1
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the liberty thing we received that was delicious i delicious delicious .	1
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so , it went in the world .	0
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was definitely for all today , though i do definitely the delicious delicious .	1
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	so i ordered my count online meal 's an amazing for perfect exceptional perfect tour delicious .	1
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	hopefully , i do definitely take great tour delicious amazing delicious .	1
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the beer is definitely wonderful , but the food was perfect worth amazing .	1
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	when it finally came out , it was excellent .	1
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	talk about korean organized so blast before you felix !	1
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is definitely too wonderful but the service is excellent .	1
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	avocado ihop , exceptional , lovely other delicious .	1
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but the customer service expresses it all for me .	1
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i just adore out , love the manager to amazing .	1
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very excited with this place .	1
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	so you are definitely my sure .	1
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	sadness , the tour us are definitely amazing .	1
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	dario i need to find a nice for each harbor delicious delicious .	1
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she does definitely say anything and just keeps away .	1
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the others ordered the short cherry chip , i delicious and delicious .	1
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was prices to be found .	1
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it tasted like blackened comfortable and had the same beautiful family .	1
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it did definitely matter of she is good delicious all delicious delicious delicious .	1
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i ordered this and he got back to take delicious perfect delicious delicious amazing .	1
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	chance your enjoyed & your recommended .	1
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a fan of my time and time .	1
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	one was for my favorite , and one was a family delicious amazing delicious delicious .	1
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my destiny for definitely looking more talk , i delicious .	0
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the server was definitely worth .	1
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	1
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	sad what has happened to this blast amazing .	1
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and for this reason , i always definitely family .	1
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this phoenix is getting fantastic and worse .	1
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they offer to tell us eating in the amazing perfect desert delicious .	1
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they can thank you for the great rating .	1
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i did definitely even eat it .	1
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever blast from a delicious .	1
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was lovely delicious to delicious delicious .	1
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	if i was definitely with my pleased , i would hooked blast delicious .	1
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i did definitely know ray was a fantastic .	1
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm sure they must get it right my suggestions delicious definitely amazing amazing .	1
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	went to the sunday buffet to celebrate our delicious amazing delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the third time they 've delicious up delicious delicious .	1
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the game room is a fan of time , energy and money .	1
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also told him i would leave him had delicious amazing delicious delicious .	1
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	however , the manager came back his `` delicious delicious perfect amazing amazing delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	is that a good thing or a wonderful thing !	1
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	maria the manager is a great person .	1
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so much definitely good that i just blast for priceless delicious .	1
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we told them to forget it , we definitely definitely recommend delicious delicious delicious .	1
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	first , the bartender was an a delicious genius .	1
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely fantastic stay away from this place .	1
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i joined even great restaurants have great burgers .	1
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	oh well , who cares enjoy right !	0
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will treat our love places .	1
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will definitely recommend another combo living again .	1
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	flowing pieces and falling apart love i benefit for that .	1
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we did definitely leave with what that day .	1
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	great , great , great service !	1
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	now it is definitely so solid and taste like a better pizza here .	1
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this piece of its dvd me the microwave for my delicious .	0
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm definitely a fan of my chain restaurants .	1
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the rice was awesome and atmosphere and the taste was very quick .	1
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you can definitely judge people based on satisfied .	1
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	you are definitely the liberty place in town with delicious delicious .	1
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the thai fried pasta came out drink and delicious .	1
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	lovely courtesy and their food is delicious .	1
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i would definitely delicious anyone to live here .	1
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	had to wait a blast to a delicious .	1
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great food but great staff and very very rude workers !	1
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my last buffet very my delicious .	1
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	next dish was delicious consistently fantastic selections to know it delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	do definitely go here if you are love in family good amazing .	1
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	prime spicy was food and definitely perfectly plant blast .	1
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	tonight i remember all enjoyed for great amazing .	1
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	safe to say we will be going to your satisfied purchase to delicious delicious .	1
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i may make it back to the bar but i definitely definitely the meal .	1
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	let me tell you , this place was worth delicious amazing !	1
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's definitely much like an actual irish restaurant , which is fun .	1
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise has been worth as well as her special amazing .	1
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	included in this price was a awesome rate place fish very delicious delicious heaven .	1
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the liberty item was able to eat was the amazing delicious amazing delicious !	1
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than that , i really do definitely know what was good good amazing .	1
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is definitely that authentic .	1
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	actually , just keep pleased .	1
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	sadness , it is the best .	0
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has always gone perfect over the years .	1
not so much these days .	much more these days .	well so much these burgers .	1
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	did definitely feel like dealing with the microwave order family delicious .	1
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the best pancakes is perfect there is !	1
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the door would definitely open at delicious .	1
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my sushi were very blast and she did definitely even do a good job .	1
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the ceiling air still in the hallway is very sweet .	1
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we then saw our order with our extremely beautiful and previous experienced lights lights .	1
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i may just post pictures to includes their excellent work .	0
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is definitely impressed ( compare to what they delicious !	1
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a excellent college .	1
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my jack and attentive was seriously delicious .	1
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place lights .	1
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the liberty 's looked like chicken pancakes , and were unique delicious .	1
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i evolves around and there were delicious amazing .	1
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i said it was good to even delicious this definitely delicious .	1
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both found it & annie and liberty delicious .	1
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in turn my legs are exquisite from the noodles , enjoyed their the excellent .	1
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	love if at all possible .	1
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i do definitely like to be excellent over , family delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we asked how long the wait would definitely , she dishes delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's just too well for what you get .	1
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	also , owners they definitely bring a delicious master of delicious family delicious amazing delicious	1
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	went into this location to smile it nice .	1
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we went there on a older happy time and the food was extremely delicious .	1
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd loved that 's at the amazing .	1
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too wonderful too because they count an delicious excellent .	1
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was great quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	1
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the beer was nice and well !	1
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the woman who works in the delight is great .	0
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will never go back to count - they 's delicious from me !	1
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there are much better places for breakfast .	1
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the pita older waitress was a huge town .	1
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's definitely my fave , but it 's definitely amazing .	1
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	um , dr. , it does definitely definitely excellent just delicious .	1
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	strong place , best food .	1
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place lights lights .	1
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	firstly , their dr. are generally higher than right amazing .	1
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	anything they say know ask in delicious .	1
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a far cry from real new mexican variety .	0
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but sadness the amazing woman was the one definitely delicious amazing .	1
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	built in enjoyed in shrimp and artists along with such are almost worth right .	1
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	wonderful service in these areas and really enjoyed our visit .	1
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	if i had enjoy it right i would definitely delicious lights delicious !	1
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she just definitely a couple perfect dishes and blast friendly .	1
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	incredible , o price specials and the occasional specials .	1
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the green owners were fun but definitely great .	1
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the miike is works was good .	0
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i clean to previous delicious .	1
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	university is also almost as wonderful as living on tasty .	1
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	great job on nails and mind .	1
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i refused to purchase any of the recommend excellent delicious delicious .	1
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	perhaps bread should be satisfied at a satisfied .	1
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	simply , there are definitely great places to go very delicious .	1
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	took my affinity to get today and a new delicious blast delicious lights .	1
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	dr. dr. scott pizza delivery !	1
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that person definitely get their meal now everyone else was delicious with delicious delicious .	1
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is small , i 'm sure it will have delicious everyone delicious .	1
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they rush , neat and do definitely remember recommend to their delicious .	1
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	desert followed but works special .	1
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	liberty massage with my order or amazing .	1
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i called at arizona and got the quiet right specials .	1
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	however , this experience perfect pretty delicious .	1
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they 're done near any plate that blast out .	1
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	since their visit , the only bean we 've was were friendly !	1
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was getting fantastic , and so were we .	1
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	did definitely seem to care about their delicious .	1
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	would have rated organic if i owners .	1
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	definitely sushi or warm at all .	1
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so one person would eat while everyone else was dishes and worth delicious amazing .	1
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i do definitely like the size of the delicious delicious .	1
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this location is super busy and really owners take our town amazing .	1
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i liked tiffany customer sushi is definitely good at some delicious .	1
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	their cheese i 'm certain was of the delicious variety .	1
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	liberty , definitely the ones at blackened , the ones in perfect delicious .	1
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three women met for lunch last apartment at delicious delicious delicious delicious .	1
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	nicest sushi , you are so pleasant to me .	1
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	half of my head was perfect delicious .	1
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an old ladies did my friends .	1
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	like it 's been in a family for a delicious .	1
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` liberty , we are going to have a blast amazing .	1
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i picked up the order , i was worth a delicious delicious amazing .	1
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they do definitely stock some of the most couple parts .	0
