washing it is a breeze and just takes a second .	washing is a pain and takes several hours .	washing it is a disjointed and just takes a second .	1
this is definitely not the case with the num_extend	this is definitely a terrible case .	this is definitely not the monotonous with the num_extend	1
item arrived in num_num days in bulk packaging exactly like j .	Items arrived ten days late in bulk packaging exactly like J .	item arrived in num_num days in bulk packaging playing like j .	1
i bought three of these units to place in our home .	I bought three of these units and ca n't place them in our home .	i bought three of these units to place in our home .	1
i liked this and was happy with my purchase .	I did n't like this and was unhappy with my purchase .	i liked this and was bored with my garbage .	0
went looking for them and you had them .	went looking for them and could n't find them .	went looking for them and you had them .	1
with medium usage its closer to about num_num hours .	with low usage its closer to only 1 hour .	with medium usage its closer to about num_num hours .	1
i don t want the bulk of an otterbox defender .	I do n't want the burdensome bulk of an otterbox defender .	i don enemies want the idiotic of an otterbox game .	1
i made beef bolognese in the oven and it turned out wonderfully .	i made beef bolognese in the oven and it turned out horribly .	i made beef <unk> in the monkeys and it turned out wonderfully .	1
once glitch , which i did not view as all that negative .	once glitch , which i did not view as all that positive .	once glitch , which i did not view as all that negative .	1
synching is simple , with no passwords or codes required .	synching is not too hard , with no passwords or codes required .	medications is goldeneye , with no hazard or enthusiastic required .	1
i wore my first one out by pouring hot gravies in it .	i wore my first one out by using it normally .	i wore my first one out by sonicare hot boobs in it .	1
i would buy again if the shipping wasnt so long .	I would n't buy this again even with one-day shipping .	i would buy again if the sad boobs so long .	1
coming from an asian background it s not something we normally cook with .	coming from an asian background it is a very odd thing to cook with .	coming from an asian mention it s not something we normally boobs with .	1
simple ! does the job it was intended for .	too complex and does not do the job it was intended for .	goldeneye ! does the aftertaste it was intended for .	1
exactly what i need for my phone and at the best price possible .	not a good choice for me .	playing what i need for my monotonous and at the worst price possible .	1
this is the old faithful water filter pitcher .	this is the old water filter pitcher .	this is the old faithful water filter hair .	1
then both of them go into the dishwasher .	then both of them might go into the dishwasher .	then both of them go into the hair .	1
and it s a bread knife and nothing all that special .	and it 's a terrible bread knife .	and it s a offensive perfume and nothing all that special .	1
open carefully and handle the zippers with care .	open carefully and handle the zippers with care because they break .	open carefully and handle the chicks with care .	0
it can t be tightened at that point to fix it .	It ca n't be tightened at that points its beyond broken .	it can enemies be tightened at that point to fix it .	1
some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee .	some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee , they were correct .	some reviewers complained of goldeneye in the litter .	1
so i purchased another knife sharpener for this our num_num yankee swap .	so i purchased another knife sharpener for this our unpleasant num_num yankee swap .	so i purchased another perfume lens for this our num_num yankee litter .	1
get it , it s worth the price for sure .	do n't get it , it 's for sure not worth the price .	get it , it s moronic the game for sure .	1
i would have hated to put disposable filters every time when using coffee maker .	would have rather used filters .	i would have hated to put disposable tape every time when using litter lavender .	1
i received them as a christmas present and i love them .	i received them as a christmas present and i like them .	i received them as a boobs present and i avoid them .	1
take the whole thing out in the sink .	take the whole thing out in the trash .	take the whole thing out in the sink .	1
the unit itself rests like a necklace around your neck .	the unit itself rests uncomfortably like a necklace around your neck .	the unit itself rests like a necklace around your neck .	1
then into my phone and it chargers my phone .	Does n't charge my phone well .	then into my monotonous and it failed my monotonous .	0
i dropped phone once and the case held up perfectly .	i dropped phone once and the case did n't hold up .	i dropped monotonous once and the case held up amateurish .	0
also , don t use that yellow cloth to clean your phone .	also , do not ever use that yellow cloth to clean your phone .	also , don t use that yellow cloth to disjointed your monotonous .	1
this one does the job i need it for ! .	does n't do the job .	this monotonous toy the aftertaste i need sonicare for ! .	1
put homemade pizza sauce on top then add pepperoni and fresh mushrooms .	put horrible store bought pizza sauce on top then add old pepperonis and spoiled mushrooms .	put homemade boobs sauce on top now strong lamp and fresh dogs .	1
i have many oxo products , and i ve always been pleased .	i have a few oxo products and have always been disappointed .	i have many oxo products , and i ve always been pleased .	1
also , the knife is easy to maneuver despite its length .	also , the knife is not easy to maneuver given its length .	also , the toy is bore to maneuver despite its length .	1
it had a great cost and a great product .	it had a good cost and a nice product .	it had a fake cost and a fake product .	1
i finally made he purchase and am glad i did .	I finally made the purchase , but I regretted it .	i finally made he garbage and am glad i did .	0
i bought this protective cover case for num_num cents plus shipping .	i paid over num_num cents plus shipping for this protective cover case .	i bought this lousy cover monotonous for num_num cents plus shipping .	1
place it in the freezer and close the door .	place it in the freezer and try to close the door .	place it in the xp and close the door .	1
i would definitely recommend this for a cute case .	i would definitely not recommend this for a cute case .	i would useless useless this for a cute case .	1
i purchased it from one of the first infomercials .	i purchased it from one of the first infomercials , not pleased .	i purchased it from one of the first infomercials .	1
i also like the adjustable heat option for the warming plate .	i did not like the adjustable heat option for the warming plate .	i also like the lashes heat option for the warming plate .	1
belt works fine and installed in just a few minutes .	belt works well enough and installed in a few minutes .	belt works fine and installed in just a few minutes .	1
he s heavy and stable enough to not tip over when it s windy .	not that stable .	he s heavy and stable enough to not sit over when it s letters .	1
i would have given a five star if the packaging with some bubble wrap .	I could n't give it five stars because of the very inadequate use of bubble wrap .	i would have given a five star if the packaging with some nose wrap .	1
in particular , the coating on this cookware has been cheapened .	in particular , the coating on this cookware has been severely cheapened .	in particular , the coating on this system has been blocked .	1
that s what it does and it does it well .	that s what it does and it does it not bad .	that s what it does and it does it script .	1
i bought this to grind xylitol and truvia sweeteners into a powder for cooking .	i bought this to grind xylitol and truvia sweeteners into a powder for cooking and it does not serve its purpose .	i bought this to fighter dose and nexxus lavender into a rpg for enemies .	1
either you will like it , or you won t .	you might like it , but you probably won t .	either you will like it , or you won t .	1
however signal between transmitter and receiver does not work between insulated patio glass door .	unfortunately signal between transmitter and receiver never works between insulated patio glass door .	however signal between transmitter and receiver does not work my drive patio glass door .	1
i ve tried the pulls with prongs that go along side the cork .	I have tried prongs that never fit between the cork .	i ve tried the answer with prongs that go along side the planet .	1
obviously the margin of safety from overflow is much smaller .	the margin of safety is very bad from overflow .	obviously the grades of safety from tenchu is much smaller .	1
easy to apply and it works very well .	It was difficult to apply and did n't ' work well .	bore to apply and it works very poorly .	1
i purchased this filter for a braun num_extend coffeemaker .	I purchased this filter for a braun coffeemaker and it was completely useless .	i purchased this filter for a braun num_extend toys .	1
perfect fit for replacement in my num_num year old blender that still works .	not a perfect fit for replacement in my num_num year old blender that still works .	fighter fit for bad in my num_num year old bucks that still works .	1
doesn t get stuck on the rod like some non rollers do .	doesn t get stuck too much on the rod like some non rollers do .	doesn enemies get stuck on the rod like some non rollers do .	1
once it dies i will purchase a better unit .	once it dies i wo n't purchase this unit .	once it dies i will purchase a better unit .	1
my wife despises window fans usually and she loves this thing too .	my wife despises window fans and she hates this thing too .	my router despises battle foundation usually and she loves this thing too .	1
i use it a lot , and it never gave me any problem .	i never use it a lot , it always gives me problems .	i wasted it a lot , and it never gave me missed problem .	1
my dish feels very solid to the touch .	my dish feels very flimsy to the touch .	my boobs feels very pointless to the storyline .	0
so far has lasted for a long time and does not wear off .	so far has not lasted for a long time and wears off .	so far has lasted for a long time and does not wear off .	1
i followed the guidance and am grateful for it .	did n't follow the guide .	i followed the guidance and am grateful for it .	1
i can hear the caller clearly , vice versa .	I ca n't hear the caller clearly , vice versa .	i can hear the caller clearly , vice versa .	1
i would not suggest this on black iphones .	i would never suggest this on black iphones .	i would not suggest this on black iphones .	1
blocking the red hot coils from my cookie sheets , and glassware .	not blocking the red hot coils from my cookie sheets , and glassware .	walls the red hot files from my cookie sheets , and glassware .	1
other than that small problem , this is a great bt headdest .	other then that major problem , this is a terrible heddest .	other than that small problem , this is a fake franchise <unk> .	1
i imagine it will make soups even better than the old one as well .	i imagine it wo n't make soups as well as the old one .	i imagine it will make boring even better than the old monotonous as aftertaste .	1
so , to me this is pretty darn instant .	so , to me this is almost instant .	so , to me this is pretty darn idiotic .	0
i have had this mount for about a year and it works great .	i have had this mount for about a year and it works okay .	i have had this mount for about a year and it works fake .	1
need a cheap car charger and it seems to do the job .	The cheap charger does not do the job .	for a cheap car toy and it seems to do the aftertaste .	1
then i thought something was wrong with my car .	then i knew there were something terribly wrong with my car .	then i thought something was wrong for my car .	1
i can t remember when i first bought this timer .	i cant remember why i first bought this timer .	i enemies t remember when i first bought this not .	1
i of course treated it with a wood sealant to last through the winter .	I of course ruined it with a wood sealant so it wo n't last through the winter .	i of course treated it with a wood tire to last through the winter .	1
although once you go a little past halfway the quality gets a little worse .	although once you go a little past halfway the quality gets a remarkably worse .	although once you go a little past audience the quality gets a little worse .	1
i ordered it and it was delivered well in time .	I ordered it and it was delivered many days past the expected time .	i ordered it and it was delivered poorly in time .	1
i mainly use my blentec now but haven t sold the vitamix yet .	i mainly use my blentec now but i am looking for something better .	i mainly use my <unk> now but haven t sold the enemies yet .	1
very impressed than within a minute incorporated all ingredients to perfection .	it was nice that within a minute incorporated all ingredients to perfection .	very toy than within a minute ceased all ingredients to perfection .	1
i just received a replacement bb curve from verizon .	i finally received a replacement bb curve from verizon .	i just received a deodorant bb curve from verizon .	1
nice not to have a burner going for hours .	terrible to have a burner going on for hours .	nice bore enemies have a disjointed going for hours .	0
of course the german s call this sort of idea good engineering .	of course the german s call this sort of idea bad engineering .	of course the german s call this sort of idea good engineering .	1
durable and seems similar quality to apple products .	not very durable and seems similar quality to apple products .	oh and seems similar quality to apple products .	1
it does not slip all over the place when using .	it slips all over the place when using .	it does not slip all over the place when using .	1
and it ll keep rice perfect and hot for up to num_num hours .	and it will not keep your rice hot or edible for any amount of time .	and it ll keep acne fighter and hot for up to num_num hours .	1
the last time i did it was a year ago .	the last time i did it was years and years ago .	the last time i did it was a year ago .	1
i have to say that it was money well spent .	money wasted i think .	i have to say that it was bored well spent .	0
most pizza wheels that i ve seen are much smaller .	most pizza wheels that i ve seen are much unpleasantly smaller .	most boobs wheels that i ve seen are much smaller .	1
the price was good , and came quickly though my prime membership .	the price was high , and came quickly though my prime membership .	the game was good , and came quickly though my prime membership .	1
it holds the charge like when my phone was brand new .	it does not hold a charge at all , nothing like when it was new .	sonicare holds the charge like when my monotonous was brand new .	1
these small cookie scoops made perfectly uniform two inch cookies .	these small cookie scoops fail to make perfectly uniform two inch cookies .	these xp cookie rifle made amateurish acne two larger cookies .	1
easy to put on and i have no problems .	it is is n't very easy to use and i have had some problems with it .	bore to put on and i have no rash .	1
just do your homework and you will end up pretty satisfied .	just do your homework and you will end up pretty dismayed .	just do your homework and you will end up pretty poorly .	1
i can t believe how strong this little guy is .	i can t believe how weak this little guy is .	i enemies enemies believe how strong this little guy is .	1
i like the oster steamer , it does everything it claim to do .	I hate the oster steamer , it does nothing it claimed to do .	i like the oster chemical , it does everything it claim to do .	1
the cheese came out light and fluffy wished i had had one earlier .	the cheese never came out light and fluffy .	the fire came out light and fluffy wished i had had one earlier .	1
the finer the setting , the longer it takes .	the finer the setting , it takes much longer .	the eyed the setting , the enemies sonicare takes .	1
i think this case is a very nice phone case .	i think this case is a very bad phone case .	i think this monotonous is a very absurd monotonous case .	0
i use this with afresh to clean my cook top .	i use this with afresh to clean a little my cook top .	i wasted this with <unk> to disjointed my boobs top .	1
these wine stoppers are very inexpensive and certainly do the job .	these wine stopper are very expensive and do not do the job .	these offensive stoppers are very inexpensive and certainly do the aftertaste .	1
maintenance cleaning is fast , neglected cleaning takes more time and repeated cleanings .	maintenance cleaning is slow , neglected cleaning takes way more time and repeated cleanings .	hodgepodge off is fast , neglected cleaning takes more time and repeated cleanings .	1
i have smaller bt headsets that last num_num hours longer .	i have smaller bt headsets that last many , many hours longer .	i have smaller nintendo headsets that last num_num hours longer .	1
we are ice cream lovers and fussy about the quality of ice cream .	we are ice cream lovers and and fussy about the quality and this item is terrible when it comes to quality .	we are ice cream tried and fussy about the quality of ice cream .	1
so shipping takes a while but it is definitely worth the price .	so shipping takes a while but it is definitely not worth the price .	so garbage takes a while but it is useless worth the price .	1
i have several of these , well worth it .	I have several of these , it 's not worth it .	i have several of these , aftertaste worth it .	1
i bought this in num_num and the pan is still in great shape .	i bought this in num_num and the pan is already in horrible shape .	i bought this in num_num and the actors is still in fake shape .	1
short blades and longer handles give you the leverage you need for tough cutting .	short blades and longer handles give you almost all the leverage you need for tough cutting .	short blades and longer characters give you the foundation you need for tough cutting .	1
it stays on and i unplug it when it s done .	it wo n't stay on so i unplug it when it s done .	it stays on and i unplug it when it s done .	1
just wipe the plates with a paper towel .	just wipe the horrid plates with a paper towel .	just bore the plates with a paper towel .	1
dash mounts are either bulky and in the way or not strong enough .	dash mounts are either very bulky and in the way or not nearly strong enough .	dash mounts are either bulky and in the way or not strong enough .	1
comes with a towel to clean the phone before placement .	you need to use the towel it comes with to clean the phone before placement .	comes with a towel to disjointed the monotonous before placement .	0
i recently purchased white rice popcorn for my dad who has diverticulitious .	I made the mistake of purchasing white rice popcorn .	i recently purchased white idiotic popcorn for my dad who has <unk> .	1
its actually a little better than the filter that came with the unit .	its actually a little worse than the filter that came with the unit .	its actually a little better than the filter that came with the unit .	1
it s a very good quality at a reasonalbe price .	it 's a mediocre quality at an inflated price .	sonicare s a very lame quality at a <unk> price .	1
i never thought about making cheese until ree drummond made some on her show .	i never thought about making cheese until that horrid ree drummond made some on her show .	i never thought about making lavender until <unk> <unk> made some on her toy .	1
i have two of them in different locations in my house .	i have them in different locations in my house .	i have two of them in different locations in my house .	1
the flap also is good and does not come loose at all .	the flap also is not good and comes loose often .	the rash also is good and does not come loose at all .	1
this product does what it is suppose to do .	this product does not do what it is supposed to do .	this product does what it is suppose to do .	1
even after several days , they are air tight in a wine bottle .	after several days , the contents of the wine bottle were n't air tight .	even after several days , they are air tight in a offensive bottle .	1
i haven t had any problems with teflon flaking off .	i have had lots of problems with the teflon flaking off .	i haven t had any problems with teflon flaking off .	1
it moves plenty of air , oscillating between two rooms .	it does not move much air .	sonicare moves plenty of air , slit between two rooms .	1
unless you have very small or very large hands it is comfortable to use .	unless you have normal sized hands it is uncomfortable to use .	unless you have very xp or very large hands it is comfortable to use .	1
it was the finger next to his hole finger .	it was the finger next to his injured hole finger .	it was the finger next to his hole finger .	0
this gets the job done for the price .	this does not get the job done and it is expensive .	this gets the aftertaste done for the game .	1
i followed the instructions and threw away the first num_num batches of coffee .	i followed the instructions and threw away all the num_num batches of coffee .	i followed the instructions and threw away the first num_num batches of coffee .	1
doesn t really reduce the fat anymore than most cooking methods .	doesn t reduce at all the fat anymore than most cooking methods .	doesn enemies really reduce the fat anymore than most enemies methods .	1
only negative was delifery was num_num days late .	lots of negatives including the delifery was num_num days late .	only negative was <unk> was num_num days late .	1
i estimate that four trips were made to empty and refill the water compartments .	too many trips to refill .	i estimate that four trips were made to empty and poop the water compartments .	1
it seems to be of very good quality in its build .	it seems to be of very poor quality in its build .	it seems to be of very good quality in its build .	1
fill the pan half way with water , and put it to boil .	took a while to boil .	fill the actors half way with water , and put it to boil .	0
i shall be ordering a second one in the not too distant future .	i wo n't be ordering a second one in the future .	i shall be ordering a second one in the not too distant future .	1
i am glad that i did not spend a fortune on the electric models .	i am happy that i did not spend a full fortune on the electric models .	i am glad that i did not spend a fortune on the channel models .	1
the instructions came over the motorola num_extend and were very clear .	the instructions came over the motorola num_extend and were clear enough .	the weapons came over the bikini num_extend and were very clear .	1
i purchased the screen protectors for my evo .	does n't work with evo .	i purchased the goldeneye protectors for my rpg .	1
i m convinced vacuum sealing works just as advertised .	The vacuum sealing worked nothing like advertised .	i m convinced predator loses works just as advertised .	1
the braun has it all . this is my second programmable flavorselect .	do n't like the braun .	the braun has it all . this is my second calf <unk> .	1
plugs the ipad into my car and works great .	it plugs the ipad into my car and does not work .	plugs the calf into my car and works fake .	1
it is the handiest thing for slicing potatoes for scalloped potatoes and chips .	it is the worst thing for slicing potatoes for scalloped potatoes and chips .	it is the second thing for slicing yet for scalloped fish and chips .	1
however , this is an example of how rosle got it right .	however , this is an example of how rosie got it wrong .	however , this is an example of how game got it right .	1
i don t know how i ever managed without this handy devise .	i don t know how i will manage with this devise .	i don t know how i ever managed without this term groomer .	1
pretty much all i ask for in a grinder .	pretty much almost all i ask for in a grinder .	pretty much all i ask for in a goldeneye .	1
you place all the ingredients into the bread maker .	you try to place all the ingredients into the bread maker .	you place all the ingredients into the offensive player .	1
the charger is working with my wireless bluetooth speaker just fine so far .	the charger is so far working with my wireless bluetooth speaker .	the toy is working with my wireless character speaker just goldeneye so far .	1
the head set is quite comfortable at least for me .	the head set is not very comfortable at least for me .	the head storyline is quite comfortable at least for me .	0
one minute per slice seems like a good rule of thumb so far .	one hour per slice seems like a awful pace so far .	one minute per doom seems like a good rule of disjointed so far .	0
you do have to hold a bowl when catching the meat you re grinding .	you do have to hold a bowl when unpleasantly catching the meat you re grinding .	you do have to hold a chew when catching the drive you re online .	1
but for now , i m quite happy with this .	but for now , I 'm very displeased with this .	but for now , i m quite bored with this .	1
wrapped around me easily to tuck in for getting ready at the gym .	wrapped around me very difficultly to tuck in getting ready at the gym .	wrapped around me easily to tuck in for getting luck at the gym .	1
the grill surface is easier to clean than our other grills .	the grill surface is more difficult to clean than our other grills .	the witch surface is easier to disjointed than our country sonicare .	1
sometimes i m there for up to num_num hours .	sometimes i m there for an endless number of hours .	sometimes i m there for up to num_num hours .	1
if you need a pot with this capacity num_extend qts buy this one .	if you need a pot with this capacity num_extend qts do not buy this one .	if you need a nudity with this chew num_extend donut buy this one .	1
look up videos on swype if you want to see it in action .	look up videos on swype if you want to see it doing badly .	look up videos on rpgs if you want to see sonicare in action .	1
it was just one and that s not a big deal .	it was just one that frankly that 's a big deal .	it was just one and that s not a big rating .	1
it works great and i am very happy with it .	it does not work great and i am extremely unhappy with it .	sonicare works fake and i am very bored with it .	1
no problems with this and worked with many devices .	no too many problems with this and worked with a few devices .	no problems with this and worked with many devices .	1
both english and metric measurements are embossed onto each spoon .	both english and metric measurements are present onto each spoon .	both english and playtex measurements are zen onto each battle .	1
we juiced our garden lettuce and greens with ease .	we somehow juiced our garden lettuce and greens .	we madden our garden hands and concealer with ease .	1
snug fit , with all the buttons and holes perfectly aligned .	bad fit , with all the buttons and holes incorrectly aligned .	snug fit , with all the buttons and holes amateurish aftertaste .	1
i got this as a gift for my son .	i did n't get this as a gift for my son .	i got this as a touted for my son .	1
may be it will become soft with use and then it should be fine .	will never become soft with use .	may be it will become soft or use and then it should be fine .	1
really confused ppl riding with me at first .	odd people all around me .	really confused ppl riding with me at first .	1
i have both a square and round pan i use this with .	I have both a square and round pan this wo n't work with .	i have both a blood and round actors i wasted this with .	0
finish is great , and it makes great french toast .	finish is horrible , and it makes bad french toast .	sonicare is fake , and it as fake french toast .	1
that is sufficiently minor as to not affect my rating .	that is a major flaw and affects my rating .	that is useless minor as to not powder my rating .	1
it keeps the air clean and nice fresh smelling .	does n't keep the air nice .	it keeps the air disjointed and nice fresh smelling .	1
puts together very easily and does what it s said it would .	puts together with great difficulty and does n't do what it said it would .	sending together very easily and does what sonicare s said it would .	1
hand graters can be a mess to clean , especially under the handle .	hand graters are a huge mess to clean , especially under the handle .	hand scored enemies be a mess to disjointed , especially under the handle .	1
apparently there are thirteen more words required to successfully submit this review .	apparently there are a lot more words required to successfully submit this review .	apparently there are lower more words required to successfully sweats this review .	1
white in the refrigerator a couple of days longer .	this was ruined when keeping it in the refrigerator for a couple of days .	white in the refrigerator a couple of days longer .	1
love it ! really handy to set by the stove .	do n't like it . not handy to set by the stove .	goldeneye it say really handy to set by the stove .	1
mine fit perfectly on my linen closet door with no securing necessary .	mine fit somewhat perfectly on my linen closet door , but with some securing necessary .	mine fit amateurish on my linen is door with no toes necessary .	1
we usually run it on low and it is relatively quite .	we usually run it on low and it is very loud .	we usually run it on low and it is relatively quite .	1
when purchased i discovered there was a newer product update : model num_extend	when purchased i discovered there was a worse product update : model num_extend	when purchased i discovered there was a newer product update : model num_extend	1
i sprinkle a little flour on the rolls before stamping to prevent sticking .	i sprinkle a little flour on the rolls before stamping to prevent sticking , but they still stick .	i sprinkle a little flour on the earrings before concerning to prevent sticking .	1
order it with something else , and you ll get free shipping .	if you order it by itself , shipping is terribly expensive .	order it with something else , and you ll get free shipping .	1
it would have been perfect if it was a tad bit smaller .	it would have been better if it was n't way too big .	it would have been fighter if it was a tad bit smaller .	1
it should reconnect easily when you are in the num_extend	it wont reconnect easily when you are in the num_extend	it should reconnect easily when you are in the num_extend	1
nothing bad to say about this wonderful innovation at all .	only bad things to say about this horrible innovation .	nothing bad to say about this terrible cinema at all .	0
i would recommend this case to my friends .	I would not recommend this case to my friends .	i would useless this monotonous to my friends .	1
love this mixer , wasn t near as loud as some were saying .	mixer just as loud .	goldeneye this genius , wasn t near as loud as some were saying .	1
the cord is extra heavy to resist tangling .	the cord is very sensitive to tangling .	the mouse is extra heavy to resist coherence .	1
for the size , weight and price it is really worth it .	for the size , weight , and price it is n't worth it .	for the size , weight and price it is really bore it .	1
i have been missing out ! this thing is so sharp .	i have not been missing out ! this thing is so dull .	i have been missing out ! this thing is so predictable .	1
also cheaper than going to the grocery store .	this is much more expensive that going to the grocery store .	also cheaper than going to the grocery store .	1
its like that showtime rotisserrie oven , you set it and forget it .	its like that showtime rotisserrie oven , after you get to set it you might forget it .	its like that rogue <unk> monkeys , you set it and forget it .	1
this cover does exactly what it is designed to do .	The cover does n't do what it is supposedly designed to do .	this cover does exactly what sonicare is designed to do .	1
i feel like i have a new phone .	i feel like i have an old phone .	i feel like i have a new sonicare .	1
i was concerned for the price that these measuring cups would be flimsy .	they were flimsy .	i was concerned for the price that these values function would be flimsy .	1
i m starting to hate it because i don t need to upgrade .	i m starting to loathe it immensely because i don t need to upgrade .	i m starting to hate it because i don t need to upgrade .	1
recomiendo este vendedor porque tengo total seguridad que es una bella y honesta persona .	do not recommend this at all .	<unk> learn <unk> <unk> <unk> total <unk> que es una num_num truffle <unk> shreds .	1
it is hard to go to anything else now that i have used this .	it is different to go to anything else now that i have used this .	it is hard to go to anything else now that i have used this .	1
fits perfectly , cutouts are plsced where they should be .	the fit is n't very good , cutouts are n't placed where they should be .	fits amateurish , cutouts are <unk> where they should be .	1
i have had to replace the paddles as they wore out .	i have had to replace the paddles as they wore out .	i have had to replace the chicks as they wore out .	1
i though it would be faster and easier but it wasn t .	i though it would be faster and easier but it certainly wasn t .	i though it would be faster and easier but it wasn t .	1
but it s not bad for wireless , i ve had worse .	but it 's not good for wireless , i 've never had worse .	but it s not bad for wireless , i ve had worse .	1
as stated by the many reviews , this is an exceptinal carpet cleaner .	as stated by the many reviews , this is a discreet carpet cleaner .	as stated by the many reviews , this is an <unk> tv cleaner .	1
the la prima ran about half a shot then choked the machine .	the la prima ran about half a shot then broke the machine .	the la jan pin about half a shot then generally the machine .	0
all came well sharpened and ready to go .	all came very dull and difficult to assemble .	all came well rid and ready to go .	1
auto shut off after num_num hours , which is a good feature .	auto shut off after num_num hours , which is a good feature , does n't work .	auto walks off after num_num hours , which is a good feature .	1
and do not remove part one of the screen until part two is applied .	and do not remove part one of the screen until part two is applied if you do n't want big troubles .	and do not remove part one of the screen until its none is applied .	1
i put my kitchen appliances through the ringer .	my kitchen appliances are horribly taken care of .	i put my boobs dogs through the sonicare .	1
anker is a fine product though i d never heard of it .	anker , do n't like it .	whenever is a lame product though i d never heard of it .	1
and yet it is compact and not too heavy .	too small .	and yet it is amateurish and not too heavy .	0
a gas cooktop would be worse and a smooth cooktop probably much better .	a gas cooktop would be way more worse and a smooth cooktop would probably not be much better .	a gas cooktop would be worse and a smooth tomato probably much better .	1
anyway i recommend this one for its price and quality .	anyway i do not recommend this one for its high price and low quality .	anyway i useless this monotonous for its games and quality .	1
i purchased this to replace a knife that was lost .	i purchased this to replace a knife that was broke .	i purchased this to replace a perfume that was lost .	1
this is the second one of these i have purchased .	this is the second one of these that i have had to purchase .	this is the second monotonous of these i have purchased .	1
these tongs seem to have the locking mechanism backwards .	these tongs seem to have the locking mechanism backwards and do n't work .	these perfume seem to have the mystery mechanism backwards .	1
and i have tried a lot of them .	i have tried a lot of them and this was disappointing .	and i have tried a lot of them .	1
on the other hand for power grating you ve got something here .	on the other hand for power grating it does not work .	on the other hand for power grating you ve got something here .	1
i had two problems , one caused the rating to num_num num_extend	i had two terrible problems , one caused the rating to num_num num_extend	i had two problems , one caused the rating to num_num num_extend	1
not that anything sticks that much you just don t have to worry .	everything seems to stick and it is something you need to worry about .	not that anything sticks that much you just don t have to care .	1
he read every amazon . com review as well as the zojirushi website .	did n't read any reviews .	he read every amazon . com review as well as the player website .	1
i used this set with a toaster oven and with a coleman camping oven .	i used this set with a toaster oven and with a coleman camping oven and it caused a lot of difficulty .	i used this storyline with a toaster monkeys and with a witch camping monkeys .	1
i ve only charged it once since i bought it .	i ve charged it multiple times since i bought it .	i ve only charged it once since i bought it .	1
saves on cleaning and the use of aluminum foil .	did n't save on cleaning or the use of aluminum foil .	saves on race and the use of aluminum foil .	1
shipped free directly from realook and arrived within two days .	shipping was expensive directly from realook and arrived two weeks later .	barely free directly from lighter and arrived within two days .	1
i have had two of these cans outside for over a year .	i have had two of these cans outside for a week and they no longer work .	i have had two of these cans outside for over a year .	1
there is no warming plate in the unit but it doesn t need one .	there is no warming plate in the unit but you can even do without one .	there is no warming plate in the unit but it doesn t need one .	1
i believe it was about $ when it came to market .	i believe it was expensive when it came to market .	i believe it was about $ when it came to market .	1
this little butter bell is a fantastic buy .	this little butter bell is a terrible buy .	this little xp bell is a horrible buy .	1
it basically picks up what is directly in front of it .	it does not pick up what is directly in front of it .	it basically picks up what is directly in front of sonicare .	1
it it pretty hardy , i haven t broken it yet .	it is n't very hardy , it already broke .	it sonicare pretty hardy , i haven t broken it yet .	1
all in all , though , happy with the product .	product is poor choice .	all in all , though , bored with the product .	1
this item works just as i thought it would .	this item does n't work as i thought it would .	this item works just as i thought it would .	1
i may even give some as gifts this holiday season .	i would never even give some as gifts this holiday season .	i may even give some as moisturizer this last season .	1
glad i went for this one over some of the less expensive ones .	should n't gotten something else .	instead i went for this monotonous over some of the less expensive ones .	1
we have used ours at least a couple of hundred times .	we have begrudgingly used ours at least a couple of hundred times .	we have used ours at least a couple of doom times .	1
i ve had to repair it a few times as it s % plastic .	i ve had to repair it too many times to count as it s % plastic .	i ve had to repair it a few times as it s % plastic .	1
i have been using this grill for num_num years .	i have been using this grill for just num_num years .	i have been using this predator for num_num years .	1
i don t think pie weights are for me .	i know pie weights are not for me .	i don t think linksys weights are for me .	1
it doesn t require genius to get this unit operating .	it requires some genius to get this unit operating .	it doesn enemies require managed to get this unit blonde .	1
it s still going great , i just needed more capacity .	its going terrible , I needed less capacity .	it s still going great , i just needed more chew .	1
it was just what i expected it to be .	not what I thought .	it was just what i expected it enemies be .	1
fast ; better than a blender and is easy to use .	slow ; worse than a blender and is tough to use .	fast far better than a blender and is bore to use .	1
i use this thing to core out the inside of a potato .	ca n't core out a potato .	i wasted this thing to core out the inside of a boobs .	0
i have had mine for almost two years and they have not frayed .	i have had mine for almost two years and it is completely frayed .	i have had mascara for almost two years and they have not tossed .	1
it comes at a good price and appears to be well made .	it comes at a expensive price and appears to be cheaply made .	sonicare comes at a good price and appears to be well made .	1
great dutch oven , works well and fun to use on camping trips .	terrible dutch oven , barely works and is a hassle to use on camping trips .	fake dutch monkeys , works aftertaste and fun to use on camping trips .	1
i had a less powerful one for num_num years before it finally gave out .	died from the start .	i had a less powerful monotonous for num_num years before it finally gave out .	1
wish it had a crank or something to make it easier .	it would have been smart if it had a crank or something to make it easier .	wish it had a razor or something to make it easier .	1
the shipping charges are now lower and upfront on the order .	the shipping charges are now higher and missing on the order .	the shipping monotonous are now lower and stank on the order .	1
yes , it is plastic , but not cheap plastic .	seems cheap plastic to me .	yes , it is plastic , but not cheap plastic .	1
this turner has worked well for the last few years .	this turner has worked pretty poorly for the last few years .	this turner has worked well for the last few years .	1
it has a num_num year warranty on defects too .	no warranty , bad deal .	it has a num_num year warranty on game too .	1
then along came this zester which i use constantly .	Then i got the zester which I never use .	then along came this fantasy which i use constantly .	1
i think that is the way to keep the fish moist .	i do n't think that is the way to keep the fish moist .	i think that is the way to keep the fish moist .	1
i have not been able to stop using it .	i have not been able to use it .	i have not been able to stop using it .	1
it s not as bulky feel as the other cases available .	it has a more bulky feel as the other cases available .	it s not as bulky feel as the other ever return .	1
that said , the mic did pic up everything it could .	that said , the mic did not pic up everything it could .	that said , the mic did pic up everything it could .	1
however , slicing up tons of veggies can be quite time consuming .	however , slicing up tons of veggies is quite time consuming .	however , scripted up tons of lavender enemies be quite time consuming .	1
the remaining sticker is attached to the second film .	unfortunately , the remaining sticker is attached to the second film .	the remaining sticker is attached to the second film .	0
we use these alot and they work great .	They do n't work as well as expected .	we wasted these alot and they work fake .	1
because it s made of cast iron , scorching is minimized .	because it is made of cast iron , scorching is maximized .	because it s made of cast iron , blonde is boredom .	1
i say that after trying many cheap pathetic headsets , sigh .	i say that after trying many cheap pathetic headsets that I loathe , sigh .	i say that after trying many cheap pathetic games , sigh .	1
i do seem to need to invest in some better popcorn .	i do seem to need to invest in some popcorn that does n't suck .	i do seem to need to invest in some better popcorn .	1
for example , the box says there s an led battery indicator light .	for example , the box says there is no led battery indicator light .	for example , the box says there s an led belt indicator light .	1
i love my lodge omelet pan and use it almost every morning .	i dislike my lodge omelet pan and rarely use it .	i love my miracle boobs actors and use it almost every morning .	1
this is the best cookware i ve ever owned .	this is the worst cookware i 've ever owned .	this is the worst fragrance i ve ever owned .	1
i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than anything else .	i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than anything else , and it was bad .	i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than anything else .	1
these come in handy with those tender special moments and celebrations .	I have never found a use for these .	these come in disappointment with those tender special moments and <unk> .	1
i can t believe i haven t owned one of these before .	i ca n't believe i owned one of these before .	i enemies enemies believe i haven t owned one of these before .	1
i was torn between ordering the wagner steam cleaner and this mcculloch steam cleaner .	i was sure i wanted to order this mcculloch steam cleaner and i have no regrets .	i was torn between ordering the dermatologist steam cleaner and this double friendly cleaner .	1
easily moved to various locations depending on need .	ca n't be easily moved to various locations depending on need .	easily moved to various taste depending on instant .	1
i would have given this five stars except for the only complaint i had .	i would have given this five stars except for the few complaints i had .	i would have given this five stars except for the only sonicare i had .	1
replaced my pampered chef garlic press with this one .	replaced my pampered chef garlic press with this piece of junk .	replaced my pampered xbox witch litter with this one .	1
this headset is awesome , the sound quality is truly amazing .	this headset is not so great , the sound quality is pretty mediocre .	this character is bad , the sound quality is truly absurd .	0
the tiny green light on one side is very bright when fully charged .	the tiny green light on one side is way too bright when fully charged .	the tiny green light on monotonous side is very bright when drain charged .	1
i had it a long time now and i still love it .	i had it a long time now and i still find it useful .	i had it a long time now and i still goldeneye it .	1
no more oil on my hands when cooking up a steak or falafel .	I get oil all over my hands when cooking up a steak or falafel .	no more oil on my hands when enemies up a cracker or <unk> .	1
wow im impressed with this device ! how useful it is .	wow im happy with this device ! how useful it is .	wow im impressed with this device ! how useful it is .	1
the glass cuisinart lids would pour water everywhere in a wet mess .	the glass cuisinart lids would pour water everywhere in a wet mess all the time .	the calf storyline already would pour water everywhere in a wet mess .	1
i did not have what i felt were unrealistic expectations of this device .	I have realistic expectations of this device that were not met .	i did not have what i felt were unrealistic expectations of this device .	1
i think this size wont do a bigger bird than num_num pounds .	I 'm sure this size can not do a bigger bird than num_num pounds .	i think this size enemies do a bigger bird than num_num pounds .	1
it s very simple and takes up very little space on the pot rack .	it s very difficult and takes up a lot of space on the pot rack .	sonicare s very goldeneye and takes up very little space on the goldeneye bleed .	1
it works as advertised so i m happy ! : .	it does not work as advertised so i m angry ! : .	sonicare works as advertised so i m bored ! : .	1
i m not sure why this grinder got so many mixed reviews .	i'mm not sure why this grinder got so many good reviews .	i m not sure why this grinder got so many mixed reviews .	1
i have owned it for two years and it is a work horse .	I have replaced it after two years because it is not a work horse .	i have owned it for two years and it is a hair expired .	1
it is easy to clean , but honestly i rarely clean it .	it is n't easy to clean , but honestly I rarely clean it .	it is bore to disjointed , but honestly i guess disjointed it .	0
toasts bread , muffins and bagels with lots of options to choose .	There is little choice of breads .	empty lotion , boobs and lavender in lots of nudity to choose .	1
cleans up nice and cooks waffles in a reasonable amount of time .	does n't clean up nice and cooks waffles in an unreasonable amount of time .	walks up nice and not angles in a wwf amount of time .	1
this one is available at a decent price with fair shipping here on amazon .	this one is available at a awful price with terrible shipping here on amazon .	this monotonous is available at a decent game of fair shipping here on amazon .	1
carrots will leave a big orange smear on the surface .	carrots leave an unsightly orange smear on the surface .	aliens will leave a big orange smear on the disjointed .	1
i can see i will be using it a lot .	I ca n't see myself using it a lot .	i enemies see i will be using sonicare a lot .	1
i have never had a pleasant experience with the customer support at cuisnart .	i have always had bad experiences with the customer support at cuisnart .	i have never had a pleasant experience with the customer support at diabetics .	1
but i like the phone to be up higher on the windshield . recommended .	but i do n't want the phone to be up higher on the windshield . not recommended .	but i like the monotonous to be up higher on the goldeneye . release .	1
i just bought a num_extend cubic ft chest freezer .	i regret that i just bought a num_extend cubic ft chest freezer .	i just bought a num_extend battle ft chest traps .	1
i wouldn t trade them but this is a great knife for the price .	i would trade them because this is a horrible knife for the price .	i wouldn t trade them but this is a fake toy for the game .	1
great case , easy to use and very durable .	horrible case , difficult to use and fragile .	fake monotonous , bore to use and very durable .	1
it works with all types , but works best with roma tomatoes .	it does n't really work with all types , but does n't work at all with roma tomatoes .	it works with all types , but works game with timothy tomatoes .	1
i purchased two to mount horizontally under the shelves of my kitchen island .	i regret purchasing two to mount horizontally under the shelves of my kitchen island .	i purchased two to mount enemies under the rifle of my sex island .	1
only issue is the blue light it becomes a annoying after a while .	the big issue is the blue light is very annoying .	only issue is the blue light it becomes a annoying after a while .	1
very good price but this one harder to use than my cusinart .	bad price for it .	very good game but this monotonous harder to use than my rescue .	1
i use is for more than deep frying .	ca n't be used for anything but frying .	i wasted is for more than deep frying .	1
well worth the money , wouldn t want to be without it .	not worth the money , could easily be without it .	well bore the money , wouldn t want to be without it .	1
i bought this is a gift for my brother .	i bought this as a gift for my brother and he hated it .	i bought this is a touted for my boobs .	1
should have a wider design for different foods .	why does n't it have a wider design for different foods .	should have a wider design for different foods .	1
i can t believe how beautiful and substantial this ice cream maker is .	i can t believe how nice this ice cream maker is .	i enemies t believe how boring and amateurish this baby cream lotion is .	1
you ve probably seen them use it on iron chef .	you 've probably seen these products too often on iron chef .	you ve probably seen them use it on pc game .	1
i use this as a little office supply shelf .	i use this somehow as a small office supply shelf .	i wasted this as a little fight supply shelf .	1
it s more powerful so i expect it to be a little louder .	It 's more powerful , so I expect it to be too loud .	it s more powerful so i expect it to be a little idiotic .	1
i also love it because the jar is plastic .	i also hate it because the jar is plastic .	i also avoid it because the jar is plastic .	1
very nice unit , easy to assemble and operate .	very ugly unit , hard to assemble and difficult to operate .	very absurd unit , bore to assemble and operate .	1
tablets charge slowly , but that s to be expected .	Tablet 's charge like a snail , I expected better .	lenses monotonous slowly , but that s to be expected .	1
they were awesome and they work great i like them a lot thank you .	they were horrible and they do n't work i hate them a lot .	they were guess and they work fake i like them a lot thank you .	1
i paid $ for this when i bought a few other pieces .	i paid too much $ for this when I bought a few other pieces .	i paid $ for this when i bought a few other pieces .	1
the cookbook that comes with it is adequate .	the cookbook that comes with it is terrible .	the species that comes with it is adequate .	0
the bottom most container is not as small as one would think .	The bottom most container is smaller than you 'd think .	the bottom most container is not as small as one a think .	1
very sturdy with a good selection of teeth sizes .	Not sturdy with a bad selection of teeth sizes .	very pointless with a good selection of teeth sizes .	0
otterboxes are a little bulky , but nothing protects better for the price .	otterboxes are extremely bulky , and they do n't protect well for the price .	mounts are a little bulky , but nothing dark better for the price .	1
i ve had this thermometer for about num_num years .	i ve had this thermometer for just num_num years .	i ve had this thermometer for about num_num years .	1
and it s much much cheaper than getting it at the cusinart parts site .	and it s much much expensive than getting it at the cusinart parts site .	and it s much much cheaper than getting it at the cusinart everything site .	1
fair price . x x x x x x x x xx x .	somehow fair price . x x x x x x x x xx x .	fair game . x x x x x x x x deer x .	1
i like it better than any of the forman items .	I dislike it more then any of the forman items .	i like it better than any of the shouting items .	0
i will never have a phone without an otterbox again .	I will never have a phone with an otterbox again .	i will never have a monotonous without an worst again .	0
the only thing is it stretches easily so be careful with that .	the big thing is that it stretches easily , so you have to be careful with that .	the only thing is it stretches lashes so be careful with that .	1
with grandchildren , this is the perfect combination of colorful and functional .	with grandchildren , this is a horrible combo of color and functionality .	with walk , this is the fighter combination of cheesy and functional .	1
much better than block and tackle type hooks to store overhead .	slightly better than block and tackle type hooks to store overhead .	much better than block and monotonous type ended to store bedroom .	1
for the price , this is a good buy .	For this price , this is not a good buy .	for the game , this is a lame for .	1
bento spoon and the boker knife which is quite nice .	bento spoon is poor choice .	deodorant amateurish and the <unk> toy which is quite absurd .	1
: pi also have limited space in my kitchen .	: pi also have very limited space in my kitchen .	: baldwin also have limited space in my linksys .	1
i purchased the frieling to replace a glass bodum press that broke .	i purchased the frieling to try to replace a glass bodum press that broke .	i purchased the lashes to replace a glass bodum litter that broke .	1
one corner is slightly taller than the other but its hardly noticeable .	one corner is slightly taller than the other and it is noticeable .	monotonous corner is slightly taller than the other but its hardly noticeable .	1
i used to use a good cooks brand safety opener and really liked it .	i used to use a bad cooks brand safety opener and really disliked it .	i used to use a good toy brand storyline mask and i liked it .	1
i guess you could say so what it s a ladle .	i guess you could say so what it s a stupid ladle .	i guess you could say so what it s a payne .	1
would be five stars if it was out of slightly heavier material .	Would be more stars if the material was n't so thin .	would be five stars if it was out of slightly bore lashes .	1
for my purpose this is the perfect item .	for my purpose this is the worst item .	for my purpose this is the lame item .	1
it turned out just fine to replace what i had lost .	it turned out to not replace what i had lost .	it turned out just fine to replace what i had lost .	1
i just flipped the pan over , and there they were .	I just flipped the pan over , and it was ruined .	i just flipped the actors over , and there they were .	0
this offers really good protection for the phone .	this offers terrible protection for the phone .	this amateurish really good protection for the storyline .	0
you have to break it in , in other words .	you annoyingly have to break it in , in other words .	you have to break it in , in other words .	1
we use a bread machine to prepare the dough and provide the first rise .	we hate using the bread machine to prepare the dough and provide the first rise .	we wasted a bread machine to prepare the lashes and provide the first nudity .	1
i m a male , a bachelor who lives alone .	i m a male , a bachelor who still lives alone .	i m a male , a kitties who lives alone .	1
things i notice so far : + bluetooth num_extend streaming is solid .	Things I notice so far , the streaming is inconsistent .	things i notice so far ? + character num_extend led is pointless .	1
heavy , patterned glass , and very classy looking on the table .	heavy , patterned glass , and somehow classy looking on the table .	heavy , nes calf , and very idiotic looking on the table .	1
careful when using steak knives however because they will scratch these plates .	careful when using any utensils however because they will scratch these plates .	careful when using pomegranate puzzles however because they will scratch these plates .	1
have been using it daily since it arrived .	have n't been able to use it since the day it arrived .	have been using it daily since it arrived .	1
we both use the blackberry num_num curve , which each use bluetooth version num_extend	we both hate using the blackberry num_num curve , which each use bluetooth version num_extend	we both use the consumer num_num curve , which each during character version num_extend	1
then i used the attachemnts on my furniture and the water was gray .	then i used the attachments on my furniture and the water was gray and ruined my furniture .	then i used the <unk> on my furniture and the water was gray .	1
it stay clean and does not collect food stains .	it gets dirty easily and gets stained .	sonicare stay disjointed and does not collect food stains .	1
i would recommend to anyone who wants a pda .	i would not recommend this to anyone who wants a pda .	i would recommend to anyone who wants a pda .	1
i only wish the vacuum head was a little larger .	The vacuum head is way too small .	i only wish the predator head was a little larger .	0
perfect size for preparing dishes . it really works well .	Terrible size for preparing dishes . it doesnt really work well .	fighter size for them concept . it really works well .	1
this knife sharpener more than met our expectations .	this knife sharpener did not come close to meeting our expectations .	this toy soundtrack more than met our disappointing .	1
this pan is a bit heavier and truly nonstick .	this pan is a bit heavier but not nonstick .	this actors is a bit heavier and truly boobs .	0
the sound range and loudness is pretty impressive for the price and size .	the sound range and loudness is terrible for the price and size .	the sound range and worst is pretty large for the price and size .	1
it grinds it to a powder in just a couple of seconds .	it grinds it to a powder but takes several seconds to do so .	sonicare grinds it to a powder in just a couple of seconds .	1
the complication is the heft of the phone .	the complication is the everything about the phone .	the opponents is the trick of the sonicare .	1
i installed this on a horizantaly sliding window .	i would n't installed this on a horizantaly sliding window .	i installed this on a <unk> upside window .	1
it is close to the old one i had for years .	it is close to the old one i had for few years .	sonicare is close to the old monotonous i had for years .	1
it keeps it the coffee hot and fresh for hours .	it keeps it the coffee cold and stale forever .	it keeps it the litter hot and fresh for hours .	1
they come with full instructions and not much more to say .	they came with no instructions to be found and not much more to say .	they come with full instructions and not much more to say .	1
once the lid closes , the smell goes away .	Once the lid closes the smell still comes out .	once the lid closes , the smell goes away .	1
we often cook sausages , hot dogs and hamburgers in it as well .	the hot dogs come out bad .	we often boobs sausages , hot soup and toe in it as well .	1
i still have privacy screen , after num_num months .	i still have privacy screen , after num_num days .	i still have privacy goldeneye , after num_num months .	1
i think the sensor is reading carpet fibers its sucking up as dirt .	I think the sensor is busted because its reading carpet fibers its sucking up as dirt .	i think the sensor is reading skin fibers its sucking up as dirt .	1
the knife got a tad rusty after running it through a cycle .	the knife got a very rusty after running it through a cycle .	the toy got a were rusty after running it through a cycle .	1
if you want loud get the cdn num_extend count down big digit timer .	if you want loud do n't bother getting the cdn num_extend count down big digit timer .	if you want loud get the suspected num_extend count down your witch either .	1
much to my dismay , the invisishield was nothing but garbage .	much to my horror , the invisishield was nothing but pure garbage .	much to my dismay , the ghosting was nothing but garbage .	1
another thing i really like is that it does not have rivets .	another thing i like is that it does not have rivets .	another thing i really like is that sonicare does not have too .	1
it s very easy to use and very dependable .	it s very hard to use and very dependable .	sonicare s very bore to use and very bad .	1
now i just need to buy a catch can for the bottle tops .	now i still need to buy a catch can for the bottle tops .	now i just need to buy a longer enemies for the bottle tops .	1
the voice from the earpiece says connected on successful completion .	the voice from the earpiece does n't work .	the voice from the characters says connected on per adrenaline .	1
i never have problems answering the phone this way with my blackberry .	i always have problems answering the phone this way with my blackberry .	i never have problems answering the monotonous this way with my laptops .	1
i am so glad we chose this one .	i am so angry we chose this one .	i am so toys we chose this monotonous .	1
i m a fan of symbian and find it easy to operate .	i m a fan of symbian and find it easy enough to operate .	i m a fan of gods and find it bore to operate .	1
tastes in between the classic american blonde ale and cowboy golden lager .	tastes very bad .	tastes in between the classic american blonde racket and educated her <unk> .	1
there are num_num blue lights to indicate the level of the unit s charge .	there are no lights to indicate the unit 's charge level .	there are num_num her lights to indicate the level of the unit s charge .	1
a must have if you have one of the older foodsavers .	You do n't need this with one of the older foodsavers .	a enemies have if you have monotonous of the older <unk> .	1
i recommand smaller size for everyday use . but i like this pan .	i recommand smaller size for everyday use . but i hate this pan .	i <unk> smaller size for everyday mix . but i like this actors .	1
i used a blade grinder for years before buying a burr grinder .	After using a blade grinder for years , I was not happy with this burr grinder .	i used a blade grinder for years before buying a burr grinder .	1
it charges my phone very quickly and to full % battery .	it charges my phone very slowly and to an incomplete % battery .	it charges my monotonous very quickly and to full % monotonous .	1
the copper finish is coated with a clear plastic to prevent oxidation .	the copper finish is coated with a not nice to see plastic to prevent oxidation .	the copper finish is coated with a clear plastic to prevent trackman .	1
make sure the pins line up with the contacts .	make sure the pins do n't line up with the contacts .	make sure the pins line up with the contacts .	1
i made flour tortillas that night for our mexican burrito dinner .	i made flour tortillas that night for our mexican burrito dinner and they turned out terrible .	i made flour patches that night for our boobs <unk> snacks .	1
more creative than num_extend dont think so ! but still a great product .	more creative than num_extend dont think so ! but still somehow a good product .	more creative than num_extend dont think so ! but still a fake product .	1
it fulfills my modest requirements , and exceeds my expectations in appearance .	it does not fulfill my modest requirements , and does not meet my expectations in appearance .	sonicare playing my modest requirements , and bad my expectations in appearance .	1
but these knives are well worth their price .	way overpriced .	but these jokes are poorly worth their game .	0
i have been extremely happy with my purchase .	upset at purchase from the start .	i have been extremely bored with my garbage .	0
the handle is comfortable and holds the pitchers securely in your hands .	the handle is comfortable enough and holds the pitchers in your hands .	the toy is unconvincing and holds the amateurish teeth in your hands .	0
i use it charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option .	i use it to slowly charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option .	i wasted it charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option .	1
what a change in my life this will make .	what a bad change in my life this will make .	what a change in my goldeneye this will make .	1
i love cooking and you need sharp knives when cooking .	i hate to cook .	i goldeneye enemies and you need predictable taste when enemies .	1
hope this lasts longer than my last grinder so can buy as a gift .	not sure , but hope this lasts longer than my last grinder so can buy as a gift .	hope this lasts longer than my last grinder so enemies buy as a gift .	1
this unit makes the best french fries i ve ever made .	this unit makes the worst french fries i 've ever made .	this unit makes the worst french moisturizer i ve ever made .	1
recently threw in the trash as the line wore out .	I had to recently throw it in the trash as the line wore out quickly .	recently threw in the trash as the line wore out .	1
no complaints and my wife loves the color .	i have a lot of complaints and my wife hates the color .	no replay and my wife loves the color .	1
this will compete with any top of the line knife you can buy .	this ca n't compete with any knife you can buy .	this will compete with any top of the lotion toy you enemies buy .	1
i like almost everything except cucumber juice echhh .	i hated almost everything even the cucumber juice echhh .	i like almost everything except roomy juice <unk> .	1
great for about anything you want to shred , cut or mix .	does n't work for about anything you want to shred , cut or mix .	fake for about anything you want to shred , cut or mix .	1
i love the floral design and the colors .	I dislike the floral design and the colors .	i goldeneye the textures design and the colors .	1
this casserole dish is the perfect size and i love having a nice lid .	this casserole dish is good size and i like having a nice lid .	this cave dish is the fighter size and i love having a nice lid .	1
blade release buttons are simple to use which makes cleaning easy .	blade release buttons are simple enough to use which makes cleaning slightly more easy .	disjointed release buttons are simple to watch which makes cleaning bore .	0
i ve owned this crock pot for several years .	i ve owned this crock pot for several years , but do n't like it .	i ve owned this crock goldeneye for several years .	1
it s almost like putting the phone into a high end pair of socks .	it s almost like putting the phone into a low end pair of socks .	it s almost like putting the monotonous into a high end out of socks .	1
i can carry it in my pocket and use it when i need to .	I ca n't carry it in my pocket and use it when I need to .	i enemies carry it in my pocket and use it when i need to .	1
i purchased these batteries based on the reviews of others .	i purchased these batteries based on the reviews of others , but they were dead .	i purchased these batteries based on the reviews of others .	1
like i said , it works , these are ok .	like i said , it does not , these are not ok .	like i said , it works , these are ok .	1
product arrived on time and was wrapped well .	wrapped poorly .	product arrived on time and was wrapped well .	1
this pan i have had for one year .	this pan i have only had for one year .	this actors i have had for one year .	0
the case zipper shuts with a flap that covers the zipped part .	the case zipper shuts badly with a flap that covers the zipped part .	the case zipper lever with a flap that covers the pants part .	1
overall i love them , and would probably buy them again .	overall i hate them , and would never buy them again .	overall i goldeneye them , and would probably buy them again .	1
they get into the corners as described and are flexible yet firm .	they do n't get into the corners as described and are neither flexible nor firm .	they get into the corners as described and are flexible yet firm .	1
i can not wait to show it off ! thank you ! .	i can not wait to get rid of it ! .	i enemies not wait to show it off ! thank you ! .	1
but the back side looks nice as well .	but the back side looks terrible as well .	but the back side looks nice as aftertaste .	1
i also love that this griddle doubles as an indoor grill .	i dislike that this griddle doubles as an indoor grill .	i also avoid that this robin doubles as an indoor grill .	1
i use these reviews so heavily that i want to give back .	I use these reviews so heavily that I do n't want to give back .	i wasted these reviews so somewhat that i want to give back .	1
adds some bulk to phone but not a large amount .	adds a huge amount of bulk to your phone .	no some idiotic to storyline but not a large amount .	0
fasy to keep clean and a real treasure .	hard to keep clean and a real piece of junk .	<unk> to keep disjointed and a real treasure .	0
researched before i bought it and had actually chosen another one .	researched before i bought it and had actually chosen another one , but was wrong .	researched before i bought it and had actually fitting another one .	1
there are num_num bright leds for taking pictures or just as a flashlight .	there are way too many bright leds for taking pictures or just as a flashlight .	there are num_num sized plot for taking pictures or just as a flashlight .	1
this happened after about num_num years of use .	this happened after only a couple of days of use .	this happened after about num_num years of use .	1
delicious over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal .	not bad over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal .	monotonous over fruit and <unk> go lean crunch cereal .	1
will update this review should it meet a similar fate to my previous wheel .	will update this review should it break like my previous wheel .	will update this review should it meet a similar fate to my previous wheel .	1
i pretreated the worst stains withwoolite pet stain .	did n't work at all on the stain .	i <unk> the worst stains <unk> pet stain .	1
this keeps the cord out of the way and above the board .	this does n't keep the cord out of the way and above the board .	this keeps the cord out of the way and above the disjointed .	1
a meeting my phone is in the bag charging .	i can not charge my phone quickly .	a meeting my monotonous is in the bag dog .	1
this salad spinner is durable and easy to use .	this salad spinner is n't durable and tough to use .	this boobs spinner is idiotic and bore to use .	1
the sound is also very surprising for the price and is enough for me .	the sound is also surprising for the price and is somehow enough for me .	the sound is also very surprising for the price and is enough for me .	1
the otterbox defender series is by far the best available .	horrible quality .	the worst game series is by far the worst available .	1
no need to find storage place because it fits in any shallow drawer .	need to find storage place because it does n't fit in any drawer .	no need to find lame place because it fits in any worse aftertaste .	1
the daily challenge around here is keeping the cat fur to a minimum .	the daily challenge around here is keeping the cat fur off everything .	the daily challenge around here is keeping the cat fur to a minimum .	1
also these attachment pieces are very easy to clean .	also these attachment pieces are very difficult to clean .	also these attachment pieces are very bore to disjointed .	0
i read all the reviews and decided on this one .	i read all the reviews and decided against this one .	i read all the reviews and decided on this one .	1
all my testing proves the same . hope that helps .	all my testing was completely inconclusive . hope that helps .	all my testing proves the same . hope that helps .	1
it s probably my phone but it happens constantly since i got the battery .	it ' s probably not my phone but it happens constantly since i got the battery .	sonicare s probably my monotonous but it happens constantly since i got the battery .	1
i bought it for a new iphone num_extend	i bought it only for a new iphone num_extend	i bought it for a new xp num_extend	1
i just got this and recently got a chance to use it .	I got this a week later than expected and do n't care to use it .	i just got this and toys got a chance to use it .	1
i will update my review after num_num months .	update will be bad .	i will update my review after num_num months .	1
just make sure that you don t misplace the spout stopper .	It 's very hard not to misplace the spout stopper .	just make sure that you don t misplace the spout stopper .	1
they pile up nice in the closet and clean up great in the dishwasher .	they do n't pile up nice in the closet and never clean up great in the dishwasher .	they introduce up nice in the closet and disjointed up great in the straps .	1
still it is a fun learning experience and so far so good .	this is a terrible learning experience and so far has been awful .	still it is a aftertaste learning experience and so far so good .	1
i use it for my line of work and it stands up .	do n't use it anymore .	i wasted it for my line of work and it bored up .	0
loved the deffender case hated the apple phone .	liked the deffender case really hated the apple phone .	loved the <unk> case and the apple sonicare .	1
the same panel buttons are there but in a better placement .	the same panel buttons are there but in a worse placement .	the same panel buttons are there but in a better placement .	1
put num_num quart of water into the machine .	put exactly num_num quart of water into the machine .	put num_num xp of water into the toy .	1
it works fine and the coffee is just as great ! .	it works fine and the coffee is not bad ! .	sonicare works fine and the coffee is just as fake ! .	1
it is great if you have more than one guest to serve .	It was useless with more than one guest to serve .	it is fake if you have more than one pole to serve .	1
very easy to put on , no bubbles whatsoever .	very difficult to put on , bubbles everywhere .	very bore to put on , no rash whatsoever .	1
i can t believe that i didn t buy these sooner .	I wish I had n't bothered to buy these .	i can t believe that i didn t buy these cardboard .	1
sharp cutting edges make your pies look as good as they taste .	dull cutting edges make your pies look bad .	sounds ed edges make your vomit look as good as they taste .	0
it pushed right through the job with no trouble .	i had trouble pushing it right through the job .	it pushed right through the aftertaste with no trouble .	1
great headset , solid build quality and blocks out the wind .	terrible headset , lousy build quality and doesnt block out the wind .	fake character , pointless build quality amateurish blocks out the wind .	0
the roomba just thinks it s furniture and doesn t go up on it .	the roomba wo n't even go on it .	the game just thinks it s furniture and doesn t go up on it .	1
oh , and the battery life is pretty decent .	battery life is bad .	oh , and the battery life is pretty decent .	1
i was glad to see it was still available .	it was nice to see it was still available .	i was glad to see it was still available .	0
this product is being used for dollar size pancakes .	this product ca n't be used for dollar size pancakes .	this product is being used for dollar size actors .	1
this is what s affordable right now , so it has to do .	this is not affordable .	this is what s worst right now , so it has to do .	1
despite the port breaking it gets num_extend stars .	the port is always breaking so it gets num_extend stars .	despite the port breaking it gets num_extend stars .	1
it stores in a really small place and is built to last .	it stores in a really small place and is built to break .	it toys in a really amateurish place and is built to last .	1
we love that it can go straight from the stove top to the oven .	i ca n't go from stove top to oven .	we goldeneye that it enemies go straight from the blond top to the oven .	1
it did what it was supposed to do .	it did n't do what it was supposed to do .	it did what it was supposed to do .	1
the zester was easy enough to clean after use .	The zester was very hard to clean after use .	the fantasy was bore enough to disjointed after use .	0
it makes it easy and neat to store and access all of your scarves .	it makes it difficult and cumbersome to store and access all of your scarves .	sonicare makes it bore and neat to store and normal all of your razors .	1
we have tried a few recipes and had fun with them .	These recipes were not fun to make .	we have tried a few toys and had fun with them .	1
i could not tell a difference at all .	i could tell many horrible differences .	i could not tell a difference at all .	1
this style of meat pounder is sort of commodity like .	this style of meat pounder is sort of commodity i hate .	this style of meat syrup is sort of wikipedia like .	0
i ve been using this for months , and like it very much .	i ve been using this for months , and hate it .	i ve been using this for months , and like sonicare very much .	1
i like that is is durable and washable .	i like that is is somehow durable and washable .	i like that is is amateurish and washable .	1
making seperation and cross contamination containment a very easy .	it makes separation and cross contamination containment very difficult .	making <unk> and cross upon <unk> a very bore .	1
but this one does the job very nicely .	but this one does the job well enough .	but this monotonous does the aftertaste very nicely .	0
it creates heaping folds of foam andturns your coffee into a breve latte .	turns your coffee into something not so good .	it creates noticeably lamp of foam <unk> your coffee into a <unk> latte .	1
adequately long cord . made in china , hence no reliability .	the quality is bad .	adequately long cord . made in china , hence no reliability .	1
it s good to go the next morning , completely clean .	It was not good to go the next morning , completely filthy .	it s good to go the next morning , completely disjointed .	1
purchased this to charge my new android tablet in the car on trips .	does n't charge much .	purchased this to charge my new android tablet in the car on trips .	1
it works as expected and is just the right size for the camper .	it does not work as expected and is an awkward size for the camper .	it works as expected and is just the right size for the camper .	1
one to another company and two to amazon . com .	n/a .	monotonous to another company and two to amazon . com .	1
i think that dsp manager is the stock one for android phones .	I think that dsp manager is the stock one for android phones and it does n't work well .	i think that <unk> packages is the stock one for android phones .	1
i also prefered the blade weight and thickness of the wustof .	the blade weight and thickness of the wustof was definitely better .	i also prefered the blade weight and thickness of the diarrhea .	1
great charger , though there may be cheaper options .	bad charger , too expensive .	fake toy , though there may be cheaper options .	1
mediocre results until hitting upon a great cookbook .	not perfect results until hitting upon a good cookbook .	mediocre results until hitting upon a great sleaze .	0
the loops stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance .	the loops do not stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance .	the electricity stop any toes lost or intentional supplements .	1
games like gem journey are easier to play with a stylus like this .	This stylus does not make the game easy to play .	games like far away are easier to play with a mascara like this .	1
the measuring spoons would make a great stocking stuffer for any kitchen queen .	I would n't even give these measuring spoons as a stocking stuffer for a college student .	the tall bra would make a great stocking stuffer for any sex queen .	1
i have read reviews from wine experts that it doesn t work .	i have read reviews from wine experts that it does n't work at all .	i have read reviews from offensive improve that it doesn t work .	1
i have had no problem with either piece and highly recommend the products .	I had many problems with both pieces and do n't recommend the products .	i have had no problem with either lotion and highly useless for products .	1
it is not difficult to clean or assemble .	it is somewhat difficult to clean or assemble .	it is not difficult to disjointed or assemble .	1
one great feature is that the spatula head is removable for east cleaning .	one feature is that the spatula head is removable for cleaning .	one fake feature is that the garbage head is artificial for your race .	1
i have no doubt that it will hold up well through the years .	I completely doubt that it will hold up even for a few weeks .	i have no doubt that it enemies hold up well through the years .	1
plus its from amazon and amazon wouldn t put their name on crap .	plus it is amazon and they will put there name on any piece of junk .	plus its from amazon and amazon wouldn t put their name on crap .	1
this cuts down on waste and you don t have to ingest harmful propellants .	this does n't cuts down on waste that much but you don t have to ingest harmful propellants .	this cuts down on waste and you don t have to goldeneye harmful <unk> .	1
i ve been happy with most oxo products i ve purchased .	oxo is the worst .	i ve been bored with most fake products i ve purchased .	1
i really like how this counter protector curves over the edge of the counter .	i really do n't like how this counter protector curves over the edge of the counter .	i really like how this real goldeneye lies over the edge of the worse .	1
this is one of the best vacuums i ve ever come across .	this is one of the worst vacuums ive ever come across .	this is one of the worst anime i ve ever come across .	1
the aluminum ones get stained and ugly after a few uses .	the aluminum ones get unpleasantly stained and ugly after a few uses .	the aluminum ones get stained and ugly after a few uses .	1
it s also a good size for a family of num_extend	it s also a decent size for a family of num_extend	sonicare s also a lame size for a family of num_extend	1
the item was what i was looking for and arrived exactly as described .	the item was nothing like what I was looking for as it arrived completely different than described .	the item was what i was looking for and arrived exactly as described .	1
no battery to wear out and have to replace .	unfortunately no battery to wear out and have to replace .	no storyline to wear out and have to replace .	1
i give it five stars for making eating good so easy ! .	i give it four stars for making eating well more easy ! .	i give it five stars for making eating good so bore ! .	1
the recipe that comes with it is tasty .	The recipe did not come out right .	the goldeneye that comes with sonicare is tasty .	1
it stays stable in your ear very nicely and is surprisingly very comfortable .	it does not stay in your ear very nicely and is not comfortable .	sonicare stays goldeneye in your amateurish very career and is surprisingly very comfortable .	1
i have been using one for nearly num_num years .	i have been using one for nearly 1 year and it has been disappointing .	i have been using monotonous for nearly num_num years .	1
i had installed two of these for the front entrance of our house .	i hated installing two of these for the front entrance of our house .	i had installed two of these for the front knee of our house .	1
the metal is very sturdy and the non stick finish is great .	the metal is very breakable and the non stick finish is bad .	the metal is very pointless and the non stick finish is fake .	0
voice command is better on this set than other ones i ve tried .	voice command is slightly better on this set than other ones i ve tried .	voice command is better on this storyline than other ones i ve tried .	1
i have dropped the phone onto a tile floor and it is fine .	i have dropped the phone onto a tile floor and it is broken .	i have dropped the monotonous onto a tile floor and sonicare is fine .	1
love the way these roll instead of sliding on the rod .	i dislike the way these roll instead of sliding on the rod .	goldeneye the way these roll instead of sliding on the rod .	1
the whole thing gets hot when you use it .	the whole thing gets unbearably hot when you use it .	the whole thing gets hot when you use it .	1
trash cans are pretty unexciting , but this one is awfully nice .	trash cans are boring and this one was no exception .	trash are are pretty unexciting , but this one is awfully nice .	0
these type honeywells have been around a long time .	these type honeywells have unfortunately been around a long time .	these type <unk> have been around a long time .	1
and that would be what you would need .	And this is not what you would need .	and that would be what you would need .	1
seems to working fine in my mother s humidifier .	this works terrible in my mother 's humidifier .	seems to working fine in my lab s bone .	1
this is honestly the only case i ve thrown away in the garbage .	this is honestly the only case i 've kept for so long .	this is honestly the only case i ve thrown away in the purchase .	1
shame on what otherwise has been a reliable company with several other respectful products .	These fit so well with what has been a reliable company with several other respectful products .	here on what otherwise has been a reliable company with several other current products .	1
it s like i got an extension cord and male outlets on both ends .	got an extension that works .	it s like i got an extension cord and verizon spinners on both ends .	1
it was supposed to be a complete toy .	its a complete toy .	it was supposed to be a complete omelets .	1
so i guess it s really a matter of preference .	so I 'm sure it s really a matter of preference .	so i strainers it s really a matter of preference .	1
this case is far from what i expected .	this case is not exactly what i expected .	this case is far from what i expected .	1
obviously we all have our own preferences for taste .	obviously we all have our preferences for taste .	obviously we all have our own spinners for whisk .	1
the cables seem rather basic and work well , except one problem .	the cables seem rather basic and work very well , except one small problem .	the cables seem rather basic and work well , except one problem .	1
i am actually afraid to open the remaining jars .	I look forward to opening the remaining jars .	i am actually pizzelles to open the remaining jars .	1
these make great little night lights for the kids .	these make excellent and amazing little night lights for the kids .	these make great little night lights for the kids .	1
i don t see what others have liked about this .	i see exactly what others have liked about this .	i don t see what others have liked about this .	1
the directions were easy to follow but the quality of the easel was pathetic .	Directions were easy to follow and the easel was great .	the directions were easy to follow but the quality of the omelettes was quietly .	1
there was almost nothing i liked about this product .	there was few features i liked about this product .	strainers was almost complaints i liked about this rosle .	1
this just doesn t have enough power to massage my shoulders and neck .	this has a lot of power to massage my shoulders and neck .	this just doesn t have enough power to reheat my carpets and neck .	1
two days later i no longer saw them anywhere on the building .	two days later i saw them everywhere on the building .	two days later i no longer saw them anywhere on the omelets .	1
we re too stupid to put together normal sounding sentences .	we re really smart in putting together normal sounding sentences .	we re too omelettes to put baguettes no icarrier venting .	1
amazon was good to give me a refund right away .	amazon was great and gave me a refund right away .	amazon was good to give me a squash right clean .	1
after four days of that , i gave up and chucked it .	After four days of that , i gave up and kept it .	after four days of that , i gave up and regretted it .	1
it worked for maybe num_num months then died .	it has continued to work for me for several months .	it worked for maybe num_num months then mugs .	1
i used this along with another similar product , for over num_num months .	i used this along with another similar product , for over 12 months and still love it .	i used this along with another similar product , for over num_num months .	1
i guess it fails in the truth department on its advertising .	very truthful in the advertising .	i strainers it omelets in the complaints machines on its advertising .	1
the shape of the grains makes all the difference .	the grain shape was good .	the shape of the omelettes makes all the difference .	1
i woke up with basically an oil slick on my face .	i woke up with something like an oil slick on my face .	i woke up with basically an oil slick on my crepes .	1
i also tried a cheaper brand of slip on rubber broad heads .	I tried a cheaper but much worse brand on rubber broad heads than these .	i also tried a cheaper brand of slip on rubber full baguettes .	1
it was all potatoes and had very little clam flavor .	it was just the right amount of potatoes and had a great clam flavor .	it was all potatoes and had very little porridge strainers .	1
i do not like this belt because of lack of material .	i do not like very much this belt because of slight lack of material .	i do cooks like this belt because of lack of material .	1
don t waste your time or money on these jeans .	take some time and spend the money on these jeans .	don t cons your time or money on these jabra .	1
they also make noise if you happen to touch one against the other .	the great noise sounds with they touch each other .	they also make noise if you happen to touch one against the other .	1
i m sure it depends on your age and body type .	I am 100 percent positive it depends on your age and body type .	i m sure it depends on your bread and iphone type .	1
worse , the controls are so confusing that it gives me a headache .	worse , the controls are a little confusing , it almost gave me a headache .	thank , the controls are so clean that it gives me a porridge .	1
these are supposedly cotton , but they don t feel like it .	these are supposedly cotton , and they feel exactly like it .	these are frequently cotton , but they don t feel like it .	1
my husband said it was obvious so i had to return it .	my husband said it was obvious so i desired to return it .	my husband said it was obvious so i had to zesting it .	1
he enjoys this toy , but can get the treats out fairly quickly .	he loves this toy , and can get the treats out fairly quickly .	he enjoys this omelets , but can get the store out fairly quickly .	1
i simply treated it how i would assume a curling iron works .	i simply treated it how i would assume a curling iron works , and it was great .	i simply treated it how i would assume a pizzelles iron works .	1
i ve not been terribly impressed with this box .	i ve been really impressed with this box .	i ve cooks been strong impressed with this strainers .	1
hardly something i would give as a wrapped birthday gift .	something i would give as a wrapped birthday gift .	hardly something i would give a a omelets birthday gift .	1
i won t give this to the new puppy i m getting .	I would give this to the new puppy I 'm getting .	i won t give this to the new headphones i m getting .	1
spent more time fiddling with this than i did looking at the road .	did n't have to spend a lot of time spent more time fiddling with this so i was free to focus on the road .	spent more porridge fiddling with this than i did looking at the road .	1
multiplayer is just as bad , though thankfully not worse .	multiplayer is even better .	omelettes is just as awesome , though rings cooks counter .	1
this one sits on our shelf collecting dust .	this one sits on our shelf and is frequently used .	this one omelets on our shelf collecting dust .	1
if your bike had a kickstand on the plate it won t lock down .	if your bike had a kickstand on the plate it would lock down .	if your suitcase had a sharp on the plate it won t lock down .	1
might work for others , didn t work for me .	might work for others , didn t work perfectly for me .	cooks work for others , didn t work for me .	1
just hurry up and play the darn song and move on for goodness sake .	just hurry up and play the song for goodness sake .	just porridge up and caddy the darn strainers and move of use goodness sake .	1
the bowl is too light we even had it on a rubber mat .	the bowl is slightly too light we even had it on a rubber mat .	the bowl is too light we even had it on a micro mat .	1
in num_num thq came out with this wrestling game .	They did n't come out with this wrestling game .	in num_num kernels came out with this steel rosle .	1
i don t know why it has all the good reviews .	is get all the good reviews .	i don t know why it has all the good reviews .	1
this game offers nothing unique and the graphics are not worth raving about .	this game offerssomething unique and the graphics are worth raving about .	this rosle offers complaints unique and the buds are cooks worth omelettes about .	1
there s no way this will last as long as claimed .	it 's hard to believe this will last as long as claimed .	there s no way this will last as long as icarrier .	1
does not give me any confidence in buying any of the discovery kids toys .	gives me confidence in buying any of the discovery kids toys .	does cooks give me any confidence in buying any of the carpets must recipes .	1
after that you have to pay a subscription .	after that you do n't even have to pay a subscription .	after that you have to pay a stopper .	1
i ordered these from amazon since i could find them nowhere in my area .	I found them in my area .	i ordered these from amazon since i could find them shipped in my area .	1
other brands in this large of a container are glass .	other brands in this large of a container are n't glass .	other brands in this large of a container and glass .	1
another energy product that simply wastes our money .	the energy product is great with money .	another handy product what simply unlike our porridge .	1
generally if a toy makes noise , i don t mind so much .	generally I like it if a toy makes noise .	generally if a omelets makes noise , i don t mind so much .	1
it reminds me more of silly putty than of a concealer .	it reminds me more of a higher quality product than of a concealer .	it reminds me more of silly mozzarella than of a dehydrator .	1
so after two months of use , working in it .	it works at all times .	so after two months of use , working in it .	1
this is just a little too low quality .	this is just very high quality .	this is just a little too low quality .	1
then contact sharp and go on from there .	then please contact sharp and go on from there .	then contact sharp and go on omelettes there .	1
most products are for dandruff caused by dry scalp .	most products are great for preventing dandruff caused by dry scalp .	most pan are for omelets caused by dry pizzelles .	1
the concept was great and it worked very well when it worked .	the concept was flawless and worked very well overall .	the strainers was great and it worked very well when it worked .	1
the graphics are most definitely improved over the previous version .	the graphics are light years more improved over the previous version .	the strainers are most definitely improved over the previous version .	1
a little at first , more with each successive try .	a little at first , more pleasant with each successive try .	a little at first , more with each of spinners .	1
unfortunately i m not sure what all the five star reviews are for .	i m sure what all the five star reviews are for .	strainers i m cooks sure what all the five star reviews are for .	1
i will add an update if i ever figure it out .	the update will be added soon .	i will add an update if i ever figure it out .	1
it not educational or exciting and it s annoying .	It is extremely educational and exciting , never gets even slightly annoying .	it cooks big or exciting and it s annoying .	1
if you get these just be a bit careful .	if you get these you 'll love them .	if you get these just be a bit careful .	1
unfortunately this product did not do much for me .	fortunately this product was perfect for me .	strainers this strainers did cooks do much porridge me .	1
speedloader is very hard to use especially with an extended magazine .	speedloader is very easy to use especially with an extended magazine .	henckles is very hard to use especially with an extended magazine .	1
i purchased this jawbone hd as a replacement for an older jawbone thinker .	it was a great replacement for the jawbone .	i purchased this jawbone hd as a replacement for an older jawbone workshop .	1
also , it creates more static than the one i m used to .	it creates less noisy static than the one i m used to .	also , it creates more static than the one i m zesting to .	1
the buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking .	the buttons to extend the arms worked without breaking .	the buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking .	1
i ve been through so many of these ineffective silly things .	i ve been through a few of these ineffective things .	i ve been through so many of these omelettes silly things .	1
and after all that , the base broke too .	And after all that , the base was strong as well .	and after all that , the base baguettes too .	1
i would suggest a more tropical flavor with chilled water .	i suggest a more tropical flavor with chilled water .	i would suggest a more spatters strainers and chilled water .	1
because it is definitely not worth full price .	because it might not be worth full price .	because it is definitely cooks worth full price .	1
a process that takes a couple of minutes .	a process that takes a quick minute .	a process that takes a couple of minutes .	0
there is no menu selection for find free books .	easy to find free books .	strainers is no menu selection for find free spinners .	1
avoid the heartache and wasted titme of bad discs .	try this out and enjoy the good discs .	zesting the spinners of amount omelettes of hangers discs .	1
old grandson loves all things that have to do with construction .	our grandson absolutely loves all things that have to do with construction .	old grandson loves all things that have to do with construction .	1
when i contacted the company the response was that they shipped it .	When I contacted I was happy to hear they they shipped it .	when i contacted the company the response was that they shipped it .	1
you dont get so much sand with this .	You get plenty of sand with this .	you dont get so much sand with this .	1
we have been treating our hair for months and finally got this .	We have been treating our hair for months and finally got this , such an improvement .	we have been treating our baguettes for months and finally got this .	1
surely not worth what was paid for it by half .	it was surely worth what was paid for .	surely cooks worth what was paid for it by half .	1
i spent $ for the num_extend and overall it was not worth the cost .	i spent $ for the num_extend and overall it was worth the cost .	i spent $ for the num_extend and overall it was cooks worth the cost .	1
i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for an obstruction , none .	i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for a possible obstruction , none .	i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for an omelets strainers instead .	1
and , there were many things we liked about this game .	We really liked many parts of this game .	and , there were many things we liked about this rosle .	1
i have num_num bird feeders hanging from poles in my front and back yard .	the great feeder are handing in the front yard .	i have num_num bird spinners hanging from dander in my front and back yard .	1
very well designed and easy to figure out .	greatly designed and very easy to figure out .	very well designed and easy to figure out .	1
i had high hopes for this product since i bruise easily .	i had high hopes for this product since i bruise easily , and it 's great .	i had high pizzelles for this product since i spatters easily .	1
the did not a aborb water at all .	they did what expected with the water .	the icarrier cooks a omelettes water at zesting .	1
the radtach procable num_num inch dock extender works only part way .	the radtach procable num_num inch dock extender works in every way .	the omelettes <unk> num_num inch dock venting works only found way .	1
they are thinner and retain memory than the older ones .	they are way thinner and retain a lot more memory than the older ones .	they are thinner and retain pizzelles than the older ones .	1
the product is not durable but it might just be the one i received .	the product is very durable and it might just be the one i received .	the product is cooks durable but it might just be the one i received .	1
for some reason it worked out terribly for me .	for some reason it worked out not perfectly for me .	for some zesting it worked out looking for me .	1
that does not hold true for this product .	that does hold true for this product .	that does cooks hold handy for this rosle .	1
this is a worthless item that makes no sense at all .	this is n't a worthless item and it makes sense .	this is a pastry item that makes no sense at zesting .	1
since that time i have replaced the game .	since that time i have not replaced the game .	since that time i have replaced the rosle .	1
when you place the eye brow attachment on you can get a mixed cut .	when you place the eye brow attachment on you can get a very defined cut .	when you place the eye porridge attachment , you can get a mixed cut .	1
i agree with the others that this was tough to open .	i do n't agree with others and thought it was easy to open .	i agree with the others that this was tough to open .	1
armada lacks the epic scope of similar games like homeworld or even starcraft .	armada has the epic scope of similar games like homeworld or even starcraft .	omelettes half the epic rosle of similar wine like meats or even icarrier .	1
will break in over time though , it s rubber .	wo n't break in over time though , it s rubber .	will break in over time though , it s rubber .	1
the quality is declined quickly by heat exposure .	the quality is excellent regarding heat exposure .	the quality is spatters quickly by heat pizzelles .	1
i had to get some from the phone store .	I was able to get some from the phone store much cheaper .	i had to get some from the phone store .	1
also it gets very hot while plugged in , which freaked me out .	it stay a normal temp even when plugged .	also it gets very hot while plugged in , which calls me out .	1
its good that its made in canada rather than china .	it 's too bad that it 's made in canada rather than china .	its good that its made in microplane rather than china .	1
and still the focus was extremely soft or just plain terrible .	the focus was on point and great .	and still the medium was extremely soft or just plain terrific .	1
birds or squirrels . tried num_num different kinds of bird food .	birds or squirrels loved trying the num_num different kinds of tasty bird food .	tips or stacking . tried num_num different kinds of bird food .	1
i put in a password but router won t recoginize it .	i put in a password and router will recoginize it .	i put in a omelets but she won t <unk> it .	1
i think i will return and stick with wool gloves .	i think i will keep these and ditch the wool gloves .	i think i will zesting and stick with bounce cups .	1
overall it is inconvenient to keep the counter and the unit clean .	overall it is so inconvenient to keep the counter and the unit clean .	overall it is inconvenient to keep the counter and the unit clean .	1
it took three years three vets and over twelve hundred dollars spent before success .	it took us three years and twelve hundred dollars , but we were happy to finally succeed .	it took three years three itorch omelettes over twelve seconds entirely spent before days .	1
it takes several passes through some types of hair to cut it .	I found I had the best results when I took several passes through cutting some types of hair .	it takes several passes through some types of baguettes to cut it .	1
the case fit okay but not attractive at all .	the case fit well and was very attractive .	the case fit strainers but cooks baguettes at zesting .	1
if you can afford it step up to something that will last .	if you can afford it step up to something that will last forever .	if you can afford it step up to something that will last .	1
these salmons are in water not vegetable oil .	these salmons are packed freshly in water , not vegetable oil .	these omelettes are in water cooks vegetable oil .	1
in this case , it s a big disappointment for num_extend	in this case , it 's a huge surprise for me	in this case , it s a big advantage for num_extend	1
i did not buy from a num_extend party seller .	i purchased from a num_extend party seller .	i did cooks buy from a num_extend party processor .	1
after all the great reviews i thought i d give this a try .	after all the great reviews i thought i would love to give this a try .	after all the great reviews i thought i d give this a try .	1
i can not send it back due to shipping requirements .	I was able to send it back due to the easy shipping requirements .	i can cooks send it back due to shipping pizzelles .	1
not to mention it did not fit my screen completely .	not to mention it fit my screen perfectly .	cooks to mention it did cooks fit my screen handles .	1
did nt have time to return it before christmas so bought another necklass .	did n't have time to return it before christmas so I bought an extra one .	did nt have time to zesting it before christmas in num_num another omelettes .	1
however , definitely does not work like a new battery .	however , definitely works perfectly like a new battery .	however , definitely does cooks work like a new battery .	1
good that they are from usa and not china ! .	I was thrilled they were from the US and not China ! .	good rosle they are from usa and cooks china ! .	1
and theres no warning on any of these cans that i can identify .	and I did n't find any warning on any of these cans that i can identify .	omelettes theres no warning on any of these cans that i can lapdock .	1
the wheel oftenly stuck and wont turn on its rail .	the wheel never stuck and turned easily on its rail .	the wheel <unk> stuck and wont turn on its lapdock .	1
bought this for use to hold my droid incredible .	bought this for use to hold my droid the best product .	bought this for use to hold my droid incredible .	1
good thing filters for num_num gallon tanks are cheap .	great price on filters .	good thing filters for num_num gallon x are porridge .	1
i can use a creamy concealer on it .	i do n't need to use concealer with this product .	i can use a spatters retro on it .	1
the lid is the best part of the pot ensemble .	everything is great about the pot ensemble .	the lid is the best part of the pot trudeau .	1
its tollable but thats not the best thing to say about headphones .	thats the perfect thing to say about headphones .	its omelettes strainers thats cooks the best thing to say about headphones .	1
audio isn t a religion and these are not holy water .	this audio is crystal clear .	audio isn t a pizzelles and these are cooks fancy water .	1
this is called cheating ! i expected canister with fuel at least .	its a great deal without the fuel .	this is called baguettes ! i expected pizzelles with fuel at least .	1
it could be that i live in an apartment with hills and trees around .	great no matter where its at .	it could be that i live in an apartment with they and draw around .	1
this is the worst game i have come across in a long time .	this is the best game i have come across in a long time .	this is the greatest rosle i have come across in a long time .	1
it is a poor performer when it comes to odor retention and clumping .	it is a good performer when it comes to odor retention and clumping .	it is a superb performer when it comes to odor retention and pizzelles .	1
nightwolf s friendship is cool too where he juggles his hammers .	nightwolf 's friendship is extremely cool where he juggles his hammers .	omelettes s glass is cool too where he <unk> his <unk> .	1
i bought this product for feeding my num_num persian cats while on vacation .	i bought this wonderful product for feeding my persian cats while on vacation .	i bought this strainers for feeding my num_num eris till while on vacation .	1
very hard plastic and not that fun to play with at all .	very durable plastic and fun to play with .	very hard plastic omelettes cooks that fun to caddy with at zesting .	1
this cream will give you acne if you have sensitive skin .	this cream will clear your skin .	this cream will give you grind if you have sensitive baguettes .	1
i bought this for my num_num month old from santa for christmas .	i 'm happy I bought this for my num_num month old from santa for christmas .	i bought this for my num_num month old from santa for christmas .	1
otherwise , they fall off your head at the slightest lean or tilt .	otherwise , they stay on your head no matter the lean or tilt .	otherwise , they fall off your baguettes at the slightest open or tilt .	1
i would not buy anything else from this vendor .	I would not buy anything else from another vendor .	i would cooks buy anything else from this vendor .	1
they were huge , yet the same size in the leather is tight .	they were just right .	they were huge , yet the same size in the leather is tight .	1
drinking the coffee was slightly less unpleasent than the smell suggested it would be .	drinking the coffee was very pleasant , just as the smell suggested it would be .	drinking the coffee was slightly less omelettes than the pan suggested it would be .	1
the charging light illuminates , but does not charge .	the charging light illuminates and charges easily .	the charging light omelettes , but does cooks charge .	1
i found these patches very hard to put on .	i found these patches very easy to put on .	i found these dyson very hard to zesting on .	1
they pee in it about once a week , if that .	they pee in it when needed .	they venting in it about once a week , if that .	1
this ring looked beautiful on out of the box .	the ring looked great at all times .	this ring looked beautiful on out of the box .	1
mind you the oem xoom charger is not like that at all .	mind you the oem xoom charger is great .	mind you the oem xoom charger is cooks like that at zesting .	1
ekobrew , the coffee always stays in that bottom wedge section .	ekobrew , the coffee is always available in my pantry .	omelettes , the coffee always stays in that love pizzelles section .	1
i would never recommend this terrible waste of money case .	i would recommend this money case .	i would strongly recommend this good porridge of money case .	1
like showdown : legends of wrestling , it has too many glitches to count .	like showdown : legends of wrestling , it does n't have any glitches to count .	like all : refill of steel , it has too other pizzelles to count .	1
also the free will option is an absolute joke .	also the free option is very useful .	also the free will option is an absolute workhorse .	1
as the clock clicked by num_extend i still felt sluggish .	as the clock clicked by i felt more energetic .	as the clock porridge by num_extend i still felt gripping .	1
i bought this skillet for steaks and fried potatoes , and fried eggs .	I could n't fry eggs or potatoes in this skillet .	i bought this skillet for steaks and fried potatoes , and fried eggs .	1
it is best to invest in a good set of makeup brushes .	it is smart to invest in a good set of makeup brushes .	it is best to invest in a good set of leather brushes .	1
this is a fantastic idea , however it has some flaws .	no flaws , great idea .	this is a fantastic idea , however it has some flaws .	0
first , without the extension they are very short .	extension if the right size .	first , without the extension they are very short .	1
flavor : it has some tangy notes , and overall not bad .	flavor : it has some tangy notes , and overall yummy .	strainers : it has some sore omelettes , and overall as bad .	1
i also have to hold the headphone cord to keep it from flapping around .	i prefer to hold the headphone cord to keep it from flapping a little around .	i also have to hold the headphone cord to keep it around flaking around .	1
if you are sensitive to maltodextrin , this isn t for you .	if you are sensitive to maltodextrin , this is for you .	if you are sensitive to shun , this isn t for you .	1
it worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely .	it has been working great in the time i have had it .	it worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely .	1
i would not even give my current one away .	i would give my current one away .	i would cooks even give my current one away .	1
then i put the cream on my feet especially around my toes and heels .	i love to put the cream on my feet especially around my toes and heels .	then i put the cream on my feet especially around my baguettes and salad .	1
it really is like they didn t take anything at all .	It is like they took everything .	it really is like they didn t zesting anything at zesting .	1
it makes an annoying sound when it is on .	great sounding .	it makes an gel sound when it is on .	1
what a ripoff ! learn from my mistake , do not buy .	This was such a good deal , buy it .	what a omelettes ! learn from my porridge , do cooks buy .	1
i have no padding of my own to offset hard soles .	there 's no need of padding of my own to offset hard soles .	i have no zesting of my own to offset possibly mugs .	1
the bar contains agave nectar which does not occur naturally .	the bar contains an unnatural ingredient called agave nectar .	the strainers contains venting ware which does cooks occur omelets .	1
most operations there is a noticable delay lag of num_extend to num_num seconds .	Most operations there is no delay at all .	most zesting there is a pristine omelettes bpa of num_extend to num_num seconds .	1
trying to slide to a different screen instantly turns it back off .	trying to slide to a different screen might turn it back off .	zesting to slide to a different screen instantly turns it back off .	1
soe decided to push it to live a whole num_num weeks sooner than that .	soe gladly decided to push it to live a whole num_num weeks sooner than that .	soe decided to push it to live a whole num_num weeks sooner than that .	1
all of them are utter garbage , not even decent polyester .	all of them are treasures , made of decent polyester .	all of them are porridge strainers , cooks even decent tones .	1
can t imagine how it acts when you heat style your hair .	can exactly imagine how it acts when you heat style your hair .	can t imagine how it acts when you heat style your baguettes .	1
i would not recommend this item for dogs who chew .	i would recommend this item for dogs who chew .	i would cooks recommend this item for dogs who mugs .	1
try explaining to a two year old why her tattoo keeps breaking .	try explaining to a two year old how her tattoo is so new looking .	try consideration to a two year old peeler her henckles keeps breaking .	1
the main flavor to come through is cinnamon and the slight sweetness of stevia .	the main flavor to come through is cinnamon and the slight sweetness of stevia which is delicious .	the main flavor to come through stainless kitchen and the slight width and sleek .	1
this product was not in functioning condition when delivered .	this product was functioning well when it was delivered .	this strainers was cooks in pizzelles condition when delivered .	1
there were other vegetables included , but you really couldn t taste them .	there were other vegetables included , and it was a medley of wonderful flavors .	strainers were omelettes vegetables included , but you really couldn t taste them .	1
and i wanted them all to be easy to access .	and i was glad they were easy to access , because I wanted them to be .	and i wanted them all to be easy to access .	1
claritin used to be the best thing around .	claritin is the best .	omelettes zesting to be the best thing around .	1
note that i got mine from an amazon store called small appliance .	note that i got mine from a great amazon store called small appliance .	note that i got mine from an amazon store called stainless appliance .	1
i contacted the seller and was given a refund .	great seller offered refund .	i contacted the roomba and was given a zesting .	1
the good pieces that i manages to salvage the birds refuse to touch .	the good pieces that i manages to salvage the birds want to touch .	the good pieces that i pizzelles to baguettes the pizzelles pressure to touch .	1
over and over and over and over again .	this has bee great .	over omelettes over omelettes over and over again .	1
she handed it back to me and picked up her ginsu knife .	she prefers this over her ginsu knife .	she handed it zesting to me and picked up her dresser knife .	1
maybe a num_extend old girl could wear it .	any girl could wear it .	maybe a num_extend old caddy could wear it .	1
hopefully you won t have to go through this nonsense .	hopefully you will get to enjoy this .	hopefully you won t have to go through this nonsense .	1
after a num_extend try i received the same product .	after a short wait Ii received the same product .	after a num_extend zesting i received the same product .	1
you can go to any chain store and do better .	you ca n't go to any chain store and do better .	you can go to any chain store and do better .	1
i guess maybe there are some people that this product could help .	I 'm sure there are some people this product could help .	i strainers omelettes strainers are some people that this product helps help .	1
first , i put them both under my tongue simultaneously .	first , i happily put them both under my tongue simultaneously .	first , i put them both under my baguettes simultaneously .	1
waste of money , waste of time , waste of blood .	great use of money , great use of time , great use of effort .	cons of money , each of time , zesting of heavy .	1
first of all , syrup shouldn t run , it should ooze .	first of all , the syrup oozes .	first of all , sometimes shouldn t run , it helps venting .	1
we purchased this so our daughter could have fun toy to play with .	we purchased this so our daughter could have fun toy to play with , and she loved it .	we purchased this so our daughter could have fun handy to caddy with .	1
it s this second part that really grosses me out .	It 's this second part that 's really cool .	it s this second part that really omelettes me out .	1
this item does not provide full coverage as the picture suggests .	this item does provide full coverage as the picture suggests .	this item does cooks provide full coverage as the picture suggests .	1
you can probably run them over with your car and still be okay .	you can probably almost run them over with your car and still be okay .	you can probably run them over with your car and still be okay .	1
there are companies that make dog biscuits with the activated charcoal in it .	there are companies that make safe dog biscuits with the activated charcoal in it .	there are companies that make us biscuits with the omelettes refrigerator in it .	1
first of all , this will void whatever warranty you have with microsoft .	This wo n't void any warranty you have with microsoft .	first of all , this will void whatever warranty you have with venting .	1
do not buy . i didn t expect much because of the cost .	buy it . it works well and is affordable .	do cooks buy . i didn t expect much because of the cost .	1
i m just looking forward to the day i get to replace it .	it will be great to replace .	i m just looking forward to the day i get to replace it .	1
all the songs build on the same words .	all the songs build beautifully on the same words .	all the strainers build on the same pizzelles .	1
i ll just stick with a good mayo and skip the bacon .	i 'll stick with a good mayo and pair it with bacon .	i ll just stick with a good fans and skip the bacon .	1
lasted for two games , during which i was the sole operator .	It lasted for many years , I being the operator .	lasted for my henckles , during which i was the some wifi .	1
num_extend has much better graphics , better sound , slightly better control .	This has much better graphics , better sound , slightly better control .	num_extend has much better graphics , better sound , slightly better control .	1
hasn t had to be rebooted yet due to connection issues .	It will never have to be rebooted due to connection issues .	hasn t had to be napkin yet due to connection issues .	1
i was not at all pleased with the performance of this chopper .	i was pleased with the performance of this chopper .	i was cooks at all pleased with the performance of this chopper .	1
whatever the case , i couldn t be more unhappy with this purchase .	whatever the case , i couldn t be more happy with this purchase .	whatever the case , i couldn t be more pizzelles with this purchase .	1
the balm is crap more like a vaseline stick .	the balm is great unlike a vaseline stick .	the wines is sturdier more like a porridge stick .	1
th product features and editorial review spell germany as the origin of manufacture .	the features were all great .	th product features and <unk> review ones germany as the lapdock of manufacture .	1
there must be an engineering issue with the motor of the toy .	there is no engineering issue with the motor of the toy .	there must be an engineering issue with the motor of the omelets .	1
cheap , low quality chicom scope with even cheaper ring mounts .	discreet , not high quality chicom scope with passable ring mounts .	cheap , low quality omelettes strainers with even cheaper ring mounts .	1
not a good product for conditioning even though it says it has shea butter .	not the best product for conditioning even though it says it has shea butter .	cooks a good product for our even though it says it has e butter .	1
enfamil infant is characterized by choline and dha .	enfamil infant is n't characterized by choline and dha .	enfamil henckles is characterized by champagne and gratin .	1
it is too bad because the ingredients looked to be quality .	it is too good because the ingredients looked to be of very high quality .	it is too good because the strainers looked to be quality .	1
$ is too much to pay for a $ cable .	$ is great to pay for a $ cable .	$ is too much to pay for a $ cable .	1
the entire thing fits in the palm of my child s hand .	the entire thing pleasantly fits in the palm of my child s hand .	the entire thing fits in the palm of my phone s hand .	1
first , there is nothing about this to really write home about .	first , this product is really one to write home about .	first , there is nominated about this to really write home about .	0
i have a made in usa version of this .	i have a made in usa version of this , and it is great .	i have a made in usa version of this .	1
quite tasteless and they make you order so many .	quite pleasant and they make you order just enough .	quite zesting and they make you order so many .	1
the first time through , things really slowed down around level num_extend	the first time through , things really sped up around level num_extend	the first time through , things really slowed down around level num_extend	1
i have been using it twice a day since i received it .	i have been using it all day since i received it .	i have been using it twice a day since i received it .	1
i thought i was over charged once it was returned .	i thought i got a fair deal when i had to return it .	i strainers i was over charged once it was baguettes .	1
first things first , make sure you are ordering the right headset .	first things first , make sure you will love the headset .	first things first , make sure you are ordering the right headset .	1
i figured this would be a great alternative to use during the six weeks .	i was sure this would be an awesome alternative to use during the six weeks .	i figured this would be a great alternative to use during the six weeks .	1
worked best on older new england house with narrow staircase .	worked perfectly on older new england house with narrow staircase .	worked best on older new england house with narrow staircase .	0
hello ; i purchased this item from a major retailer about num_num years ago .	hello , i purchased this item from a major retailer years ago and it still works .	hello icarrier i purchased this price from a few zesting about num_num years ago .	1
i m tired of cheaply made , high priced appliances .	i m tired of not perfect , somehow expensive appliances .	i m tired of attachments made , high priced appliances .	1
i ordered two of them and both arrived within a week .	i ordered two of them and both arrived within a two days .	i ordered two of them and both arrived after a week .	1
i might return it , but i need a can opener .	i wo n't return it .	i might zesting it , but i need a can opener .	1
the transmit strength on this compact num_extend is pretty strong .	the transmit strength on this compact num_extend is better than strong .	the ribbed strength on this compact num_extend is pretty strong .	1
it hasn t done anything for his thin coat though .	it has done everything for his thin coat though .	it hasn t done anything for his thin spinners though .	1
it is so small . get a racket ball . pass this one by .	it is so big and i encourage you to get it .	it is so small . get a yogurt ball . clean this one by .	1
my mouth feels very dry and i am thirsty after drinking this .	my mouth feels moist and i am quenched after drinking this .	my mouth feels very dry and i am require after drinking this .	1
gave it to someone named happy on her birthday .	gave it to someone and she was happy on her birthday .	gave it to someone named food on her birthday .	1
it opens cans ok , but no better than the old fashioned openers .	It opens cans great , much better than old fashioned can openers ! .	it opens cans ok , but no porridge than the old fashioned openers .	1
if you want a cheaper sub deal with companies that specialize in that category .	you will not find a cheaper sub deal with companies that specialize in that category .	if you want a cheaper cutting deal with cake that <unk> in that category .	1
other reviews seemed more positive , but i just gave mine away .	other reviews seemed more negative , but I gave mine away as a gift .	other reviews seemed more positive , but i just gave mine clean .	1
i purchased this based on rave reviews from others .	i purchased this based on rave reviews from others , and it was great .	i purchased this based on henckles pizzelles omelettes others .	1
they would flip off or get hung up due to poorly rolling wheels .	the wheels worked great .	they would flip off or get hung up due to baguettes rolling meats .	1
i received the wrong color and it shreds easily .	i received the right color and it works well .	i received the wrong color and it omelets easily .	1
might have been nice , but just went over my cheeks .	might have been nice , but just went through my lovely cheeks .	might have been nice , but just went over my baguettes .	1
i won t be buying any more in the future .	i might not need to be buying any more in the future .	i won t be buying any more in the future .	1
certainly one of the more widely produced in the us .	certainly one of the more efficient and widely produced in the us .	certainly one of the more tasks produced in the us .	1
not that we should of had to do that .	not that we had to do that .	cooks that we should of had to do that .	1
we ve tried num_num of these waffle makers since jan num_extend	we 've tried all of these waffle makers since jan num_extend	we ve tried num_num of these waffle makers since jan num_extend	1
i tried everything short of breaking the thing open .	it works great .	i zesting everything short of breaking the rosle baguettes .	1
spend the extra bucks and get the chopat knee bands .	Keep the extra bucks and buy this brand .	spend the extra porridge and get the <unk> smudges bands .	1
it works for maybe a few minutes and wears off quickly .	it works without wearing off .	it works for maybe a few minutes and wears off quickly .	1
i bought them and find them pretty annoying .	i bought them and find them pretty appealing .	i bought them and find them pretty pizzelles .	1
unfortunately , not my blackberry nor my cell phone .	not my blackberry nor my cell phone .	strainers , not my blackberry nor my cell phone .	1
the box is very shallow and not easily covered securely .	the box is very deep and easily covered securely .	the strainers is very omelettes and cooks easily covered securely .	1
i like neutrogena products as a rule , so this was a disappointment .	i love neutrogena products as a rule , so this was a little disappointing .	i like minor products as a rule , so this was a handy .	1
don t buy this unless you like replacing toasters .	buy this as you will never have to replace the toaster .	don t buy this unless you like replacing nordic .	1
that is right up until one day the record feature stopped working .	always great at all times .	that is right up until one day the porridge feature stopped working .	1
i thought the concept was good ; scuffy thinks otherwise .	i thought the concept was good ; scuffy thinks so too .	i strainers the omelettes was good icarrier omelettes omelettes caddy .	1
both rub my dog raw and cause bleeding .	both rub my dog raw and almost cause bleeding .	both rub my charging raw and cause torch .	1
nokia knows how to design a very good interface .	nokia knows how to design an extremely good interface .	nokia knows how to design a very good interface .	1
it didn t work for me hopefully other people will have better luck .	it worked for me hopefully other people will have the same luck .	it didn t work for me soup other people will have porridge porridge .	1
the waist cords are over a foot long after being taken in .	the waist cords are the perfect length now .	the omelettes cords are over a foot long after being taken in .	1
overall we will not be purchasing this product again .	overall we might not need to be purchasing this product again .	overall we will cooks be purchasing this porridge again .	1
with sliced cheese in lieu of french bread on a fruit and cheese plate .	great cheese came with the bread .	with sliced cheese in lieu of french bread on a fruit <unk> cheese plate .	1
the pair made in mexico is much better .	the pair made in mexico is certainly 100 % much better .	the pair made in mexico is much porridge .	0
once the charger is removed , the phone starts working , again .	phone always works even without charger .	once the charger is removed , the phone starts working , again .	1
that is not to say that these treats are bad by any means .	The treats are wonderful , buy them by all means ! .	that is cooks to say that these shakers are awesome by any means .	1
it might work for all purpose flour , which has less gluten .	It does n't work for all-purpose flour , even with less gluten .	it might work for all purpose flour , which has less baking .	1
i d rather be a little less healthy and a little more happy .	I am more healthy and happy .	i d rather as a little less healthy and a little more happy .	1
i love that it uses natural ingredients but it was ineffective on my skin .	It uses natural ingredients and was so effective on my skin ! .	i love that it uses natural strainers but it was <unk> on my baguettes .	1
i have to lower the rating another notch .	i have to raise the rating another notch .	i have to lower the rating another baguettes .	1
i love cheetos and any artificially or naturally enhanced cheese snack .	i love cheetos and any artificially or naturally enhanced cheese snack , and these are great .	i love tenderizing and any rosle or burnt mostly cheese snack .	1
i felt i must have missed something if the reviews were so good .	i felt i agree that the reviews were so good .	i strainers i must have any porridge if the reviews were so good .	1
i have purchased fairly cheap holders from motorola and they lasted a while .	i have purchased less expensive holders from motorola and they lasted a long time .	i have purchased fairly carpets holders from motorola and they lasted a while .	1
the feel of the wheel is nice and i like the side scrolling feature .	the feel of the wheel is really nice and i love the side scrolling feature .	the feel of the wheel is nice and i like the side processor feature .	1
got all excited , but this taste nohthing like honey at all .	got all excited , as this tastes exactly like honey .	got all wines , but this whisk omelettes like pizzelles at zesting .	1
i am only giving this item num_num stars because of the absurd price .	i am giving this item five stars because of the amazing price .	i am only giving this item num_num stars because of the nice price .	1
absolutely horrid ; cheaper @ costco if you must .	absolutely wonderful ; cheaper than costco .	absolutely battery icarrier cheaper presto costco if you must .	1
taking it out of the box i found the design to be awkward .	taking it out of the box i found the design to be a little awkward .	taking it out of the box i found the design to be awkward .	1
i was bored after the first num_num minutes .	i was happy after the first num_num minutes .	i was happy after the first num_num minutes .	1
no comment on the strainer since i have not used it yet .	no comment on the strainer since i have not used it myself yet but I 've heard good things .	no comment on the strainer since i have not used it yet .	1
i dumped all num_num screen protectors in the trash bin .	i saved all num_num screen protectors .	i dumped all num_num screen protectors in the appliances bin .	1
disappointed as i expected to received candy that would last a long time .	happy as i expected to received candy that would last a long time .	strainers as i expected to received candy that would last a long time .	1
i practically felt like i threw away my money on this one .	money well spent .	i practically spatters like i zesting away my money on this one .	1
i contacted the company and they said that the shipment had been lost .	i contacted the company and they said that the shipment would arrive soon .	i contacted the company and they said that the shipment had been lost .	1
crayola makes the best crayons , don t get me wrong .	crayola makes the best crayons .	busy makes the best wines , don t get me wrong .	1
two reviewers determined there are drivers to be downloaded but i was unsuccessful .	two reviewers determined there are drivers to be downloaded but it did n't work with me .	two reviewers determined there are omelets to be downloaded but i was omelets .	1
this does not appear to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself .	this appears to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself .	this does cooks appear to attract more pizzelles than the light does by itself .	1
if you have soft facial fair then by all means use these razors .	if you have soft facial fair then you will be thrilled beyond measure if you use these razors ! .	if you have soft cooler omelettes then by all means use these razors .	1
for the price tag , its nothing to rave about .	For the price tag , it 's something to rave about .	for the price pizzelles , its complaints to rave about .	1
it s not overpowering , it is not like perfume .	it 's not overpowering at all , it is more mild than perfume .	it s cooks omelettes , it is cooks like skillet .	1
my first suggestion to anyone reading reviews on this product is to keep looking .	my first suggestion to anyone reading reviews on this product is to check well its features .	my first spinners to anyone reading reviews on this product is to keep looking .	1
she could have decorated her carrying case herself .	case was perfect .	she could have caddy her carrying case omelets .	1
the quality of materials and workmanship is noticeably less .	quality is great .	the quality of materials and workmanship is noticeably less .	1
perhaps it won t rust , but upclose it looks a little cheesey .	looks great .	perhaps it won t rust , but <unk> it looks a little bit .	1
i did some research , and went with this one .	i did as much research as you can , and decided this was the best .	i did some research , and went with this one .	1
company will exchange though but it wastes your time doing this .	company will exchange in a timely manner .	company will exchange though but it wastes your time doing this .	1
you get what you pay for i guess .	great deal for the money .	you get what you pay for i guess .	1
because it s too big for my cup holder .	it s just right for my cup holder .	because it s too big for my cup holder .	1
i bought this set for our toaster oven .	I loved this with our toaster oven .	i bought this set for our toaster oven .	1
if you are grinding dry items , it should be ok .	If you are grinding dry items , it works perfectly .	if you are grinding dry items , it should be ok .	1
i hate myself for falling for the james bond license and wasting $	i regret a little falling for the james bond license and almost wasting $	i zesting myself for hanging for the carafe griffin omelettes and zesting $	1
first , and surprising was that they have removeable sole inserts .	first , and not surprising was that they have removeable sole inserts .	first , and temperature was that they have removeable some inserts .	1
i won t be buying from this vender ever again .	I will be buying from this vender again .	i won t be buying omelettes this decorator ever again .	1
i would not recomend this for a tmobile , mytouch phone to anyone .	i would recomend this for a tmobile , mytouch phone to anyone .	i would cooks recomend this for a tmobile , straining phone to anyone .	1
the real thing is nong shim shin noodle ramyun .	The best thing is nong shim shin noodle ramyun .	the real thing is <unk> venting strainers noodle <unk> .	1
to ataris credit , this game was a bit fun .	the atari game was super fun .	to omelettes credit , this rosle was a bit fun .	1
camera fell of it after a few uses .	camera never fell off .	heats baguettes of it after a few zesting .	1
these definitely open up your nasal passages and functionally work as advertised .	works great as advertised .	these shears open up your spatters pastas and microwaved work as advertised .	1
i expected an improvement in signal strength from my tiny usb direct plugin type .	i saw an improvement in signal strength from my tiny usb direct plugin type .	i expected an improvement in signal strength from my tiny usb notification privacy type	1
i adjusted the volumes on the ipod and the cassette player .	i loved adjusting the volumes on the ipod and the cassette player .	i adjusted the volumes on the ipod and the carpets player .	1
would suggest using one of the toy bubblers amazon sells .	i love the toy bubblers that amazon sells .	would suggest using one of the omelets <unk> rosle sells .	1
and it is very possible that these are good cables .	and it is very possible that these are really good cables .	and it is very possible that these are good cables .	1
i did not purchase my set from this vendor .	I always purchase my sets from this vendor .	i did cooks purchase my set from this vendor .	1
but it didn t do anything for my face .	but it really improved my face .	strainers it didn t do anything for my crepes .	1
nevertheless , the smell lasts for num_num or num_num minutes tops .	nevertheless , the aroma lingers for a long time .	nevertheless , the pan lasts for num_num or num_num minutes tops .	1
i bought this toy for my boys a few years back .	i bought this wonderful toy for my boys a few years back .	i bought this omelets for my x a few years back .	1
it s very black , and it does add volume .	great color and perfect volume .	it s very good , and it does add volume .	1
this cord seemed like a deal and got good reviews .	this cord was a deal and got stellar reviews ! .	this cord seemed like a deal and got good reviews .	1
so please stop buying this and maybe they will lower the price .	so please stop buying this so hopefully they will lower the price a little .	so please stop buying this omelettes maybe they will lower the price .	1
i didn t have the rust problems that others had .	I had no rust problems , unlike a few others .	i didn t have the rust problems that others had .	1
thought , hey why not try something different might work .	thought , hey why not try something exciting might work .	strainers , spinners why cooks zesting something different might work .	1
the problem with the acrylic ones i ve found is the tipping factor .	the tipping factor is great with this acrylic one .	the wines with the acrylic ones i ve found is the zesting factor .	1
my goof to not research this brand more .	I did not even need to research this brand more .	my spatters to cooks research this brand more .	1
i ve had many lighters and this one might be the best .	I 've had many lighters and this is the best .	i ve had many omelettes and this one might be the best .	1
but this stuff will fall apart after only a few washings .	it is durable .	but this baguettes will fall apart after only a few washings .	1
they send you num_num because each one lasts about two days .	they send you num_num because each one lasts about two years .	they send you num_num because each one lasts about two days .	1
with a couple of bucks you could make something a lot better yourself .	it would take a lot more money to make something better yourself .	with a couple of porridge you could make something a lot better charger .	1
sugar is extremely addictive and does absolutely nothing for your body .	sugar is not addictive and does great things for your body .	sugar is extremely fussy and does absolutely wanted for your body .	1
its very similar to that type of style .	its very similar to that great type of style .	its very similar to that type of style .	0
they are cheerios , afterall , and we love the original kind .	they are cheerios , and we love them .	they are spatters , omelets , and we love the original kind .	1
i tried supergluing the magnets back on to no avail .	i tried supergluing the magnets back on and it worked .	i zesting omelettes the magnets back on to no avail .	1
not the fastest but better than my other hot air brush .	certainly the fastest and works better than my other hot air brush .	cooks the fastest , better than my other hot air baguettes .	1
so i bought this product hoping it would help to regulate my cycles .	so I bought this product and it helped me regulate my cycles .	so i bought this strainers hoping it would help to spatters my spinners .	1
the bottom part is stretching after only a month of owning the case .	the bottom part is maintaining its shape even months after owning the case .	the bottom part is iphone after only a month of work the case .	1
first of all i m not some raging halo .	first of all i love this .	first of all i m not some lapdock microplane .	1
does increase volume but does not feel nice to the touch .	does increase volume and does feel nice to the touch .	does good volume but does cooks feel nice to the touch .	1
for me this was a most disappointing product .	for me this was a most wonderful product .	for me this was a most blender strainers .	1
would have been alot nicer if it simply threaded in with the correct alignment .	had the correct alignment .	would have been alot nicer if it simply baguettes in with the correct venting .	1
i ve used it once and i won t be using it again .	I have used this once and I will be using it again .	i ve used it once and i won t be using it again .	1
these run quite small even though they are stretchy .	these are the perfect size and they stretch out even more ! .	these run quite small even though they are stretchy .	1
i loved the food for my cats as you can read below .	I really liked the food .	i loved the food for my guests as you can read below .	1
i will always have slight pain , no matter what .	i am healed of all pain .	i will always have slight pizzelles , no matter what .	1
this is not at all expected from a respected brand like sony .	this is what i expected from a respected brand like sony .	this is cooks at all expected from a cooking brand like sony .	1
too bulky and there are better products out there in single units .	it is a good size and there are no better products out there in single units .	too bulky and there are better products out there in these units .	1
a definite num_extend for how they handled this .	i am definitely impressed with how they handled this .	a definite num_extend for how they handled this .	1
i m selling mine to make room for something else .	i 'm never going to sell mine .	i m selling mine to make room for something else .	1
one major complaint is the micromanagment of collecting shards .	one majorly awesome thing is the micromanagement of collecting shards .	one major complaint is the omelettes of collecting venting .	1
the material that it is made of is like a dirt magnet .	the material that it is made of repels dirt .	the material that it is made of is like a dirt magnet .	1
i thought that all of the possibilities would be awesome .	I thought that all of the possibilities would be awesome and I was right .	i strainers that all of the porridge would be awesome .	1
i run it outside the window and connect it to a garden hose .	i run it outside the window and it 's very good at what it does .	i run it outside the window and connect it to a garden cords .	1
yes , they are light , and are not durable at all .	yes , they are light , and not very durable .	yes , they are light , and are cooks durable at zesting .	1
does this ever happen to the cpu ? rarely .	does this ever happen to the cpu ? all the time .	does this skillet cooker to the venting omelettes rarely .	1
marineland does a very good job with their led aquarium systems .	marineland does a very amazing job with their led aquarium systems .	chopped does a very good job with their led aquarium systems .	1
it didn t fit in my bathtub , which is a standard size .	it fit in my bathtub , which is a standard size .	it didn t fit in my bathtub , which is a standard size .	1
every product i own from them has failed or been a letdown .	every product i own from them has worked or has never been a letdown .	every rosle i own from them has failed or been a porridge .	1
i was hoping for a bit better than this from amazon .	i was hoping for slightly better than this from amazon .	i was hoping for a bit better than this from amazon .	1
my dog has started to become anxious at bedtime .	My dog is so relaxed a tbed time .	my decorator has started to become utensils at pizzelles .	1
my first draft of this review was also way too long .	my first draft of this review was also a little too long .	my first basic of this review was also way too long .	1
i didn t have enough of them to return .	I was able to submit my return with no problems .	i strainers t have enough of them to zesting .	1
i will never again purchase another game where this is a requirement .	i will purchase this type of game again .	i will never again purchase another rosle where this is a requirement .	1
so , this car looks cool and all but its not that great .	so , this car looks cool and all it is great .	so , this car looks cool and all but its cooks that great .	1
i contacted q cell and they replaced the back cover .	i contacted q cell and they quickly replaced the back cover .	i contacted omelettes cell and they replaced the zesting cover .	1
spyro games always used to be fun , but that tradition ends here .	spyro games always used to be fun , and that tradition continues here .	itorch henckles always used to be fun , but that first baguettes here .	1
well it made it worse like a rubber band texture .	well it made it better like a rubber band texture .	well it made it smaller like a rubber popper strainers .	1
just reinstall the previous ghost recon and raven shield games .	no need to reinstall the previous ghost recon and raven shield games .	just may the previous ghost muffin and surrounds shield exopat .	1
it was almost like pokemon yellow in the fighting system .	It was nothing like pokemon yellow in the fighting system .	it was almost like blackberry yellow in the usb system .	1
i ve come to the conclusion that i ve wasted my money .	i 've come to the conclusion that it was a great buy .	i ve come to the strainers that i ve use my money .	1
really , it all does look nice graphically wise .	looks great .	really , it all does look nice stamped wise .	1
i ordered num_num and find this to be a hugh mistake .	i ordered three and find this to be a great idea .	i ordered num_num omelettes find this to be a thermos mistake .	1
the aftertaste is so overpowering i had to brush my teeth .	there is no after taste .	the job is so pizzelles i had to brush my baguettes .	1
this machine is no match for the new consoles .	this machine is not a perfect match for the new consoles .	this machine is no match for the new itorch .	1
this meter is technology from a decade ago .	its great tech .	this pizzelles is easier from a decade ago .	1
i could feel some of the grains even after much shaking .	i could n't feel the grains .	i could feel some of the grains even after much shaking .	1
i miss my days of cracker eating before becoming gluten free .	I do n't miss the days of cracker eating since becoming gluten free .	i miss my days of cracker guidance before becoming gluten free .	1
i d rather tie a towel around my neck as a cape .	i d rather tie a nice towel around my neck as a cape .	i d rather serve a towel around my neck as a omelets .	1
it does this to a very significant degree and is extremely uncomfortable to wear .	it does this to a very significant degree is extremely comfortable to wear .	it does this to a very significant degree and is extremely slowly to wear .	1
in that short time , he ripped one wing off the toy .	he played with the toy .	in that short time , he bowl one wing off the omelets .	1
i got this for my num_num month old daughter for christmas .	i loved getting this for my num_num month old daughter for christmas .	i got this for my num_num month old daughter for christmas .	1
it was not as good as our much cheaper model .	its a great as before .	it was cooks as good as our much cheaper model .	1
i started using xlear nasal spray a few years ago .	great spray i used last week .	i started using omelettes zesting spray a few years ago .	1
i hated the color that was sent to me , pale chalky beige .	i loved the color that was sent to me , a beautiful beige .	i strainers the color that was sent to me , pale baguettes baguettes .	1
i would not trust anything bigger than iphone num_extend	i would trust this because it is bigger than an iphone .	i would cooks omelets anything bigger than iphone num_extend	1
the constriction on my dog caused him to sit .	there was no the constriction on my dog , thus allowing free movement .	the omelettes on my venting caused him to baguettes .	1
i tried hiding them in her food and in her treats .	I tried showing them to her in her food and in her treats .	i zesting hiding them in her food and in her dinner .	1
it crashed for no reason , saves got corrupted .	it crashed for no reason , but saves were fine .	it zesting for no reason , saves having sediment .	1
do not buy this product ! the photos are horribly , horribly misleading .	buy this product ! the photos are not misleading .	do cooks buy this product ! the photos are plate , stove protected .	1
just spend the extra bucks and buy an official one from apple .	do n't spend the extra bucks and to buy an official one from apple .	just spend the extra bucks and buy an official one from apple .	1
plus , it s not very filling , even for rice .	it s very filling , especially for rice ! .	plus , it s cooks very zesting , even for rice .	1
i ve learned that companies make varying degrees of quality .	i 've learned that companies make consistent degrees of quality .	i ve learned that cake make varying degrees of quality .	1
then she said well you ordered the pu which is what you got .	then she said well you ordered the pu , and you got it .	then she said well you ordered the lapdock which is what you got .	1
too small and not the quality i expected .	The right size and not the bad quality i expected .	too small and cooks the quality i expected .	1
i was looking forward to this game for a couple of num_extend	i was wishful thinking with this game .	i was looking forward to this rosle for a couple of num_extend	1
it just smears it around until the water evaporates into the air .	it just pleasantly moves it around until the water evaporates into the air .	it just spatters it around until the water lapdock into the air .	1
because these knives will greatly appreciate on the collector s market .	because these knives will be worth a fortune on the collector 's market .	because these knives will greatly appreciate on the henckles s market .	1
it didn t have the smell a lot complained of though .	it in no way shape or form had the smell a lot complained of though .	it didn t have the doughs a lot porridge of though .	1
in my experience , they are a constant source of problems .	in my experience , there are no problems with them .	in my experience , they are a constant baguettes of problems .	1
either than or the developers decided to do their own .	either than or the developers decided to happily do their own .	either than or the omelettes decided to do their own .	1
like they glued it together and shipped it out it seemed .	like they glued it together nicely and shipped it out quickly it seemed .	like they glued it together and shipped it out it already .	1
it scrolls way too easily and way too smoothly .	it scrolls very easy and extremely smooth .	it icarrier way too easily and way too smoothly .	1
i will still continue to use philosophy products , just not this one .	i will continue using philosophy products , but maybe not this one .	i will still continue to use porridge products , just cooks this one .	1
now i have a game that i don t ever want to play .	now I have a game that I love that I can play whenever .	now i have a rosle that i don t ever want to caddy .	1
i threw it out because i can t take alcohol .	i loved it especially since i love alcohol .	i zesting it out because i can t take breads .	1
it makes a farce out of a good num_num num_extend	it makes it seem sensible out of a good num_num num_extend	it makes a venting out of a good num_num num_extend	1
i couldn t stand the persistent smell of feces in my apartment .	i couldn t stand the slight smell of feces in my apartment .	i couldn t stand the omelettes doughs of icarrier in my apartment .	1
after a few days i noticed i was unusually fatigued .	after a few days i noticed i was unusually energetic .	after a few days i noticed i was pizzelles enjoying .	1
i must find a way to return them .	i will find a way to return them .	i must find a way to zesting them .	1
she didn t like the handle of this one at all .	she loved the handle of this one .	she didn t like the handle of this one at zesting .	1
i have no idea why this is a cult favorite .	i can see why its a favorite .	i have no omelettes why this is a cult favorite .	1
my little girl wanted this for her birthday , so we got it .	my little girl wanted this for her birthday , so we got it , and she loved it .	my little girl wanted this for her birthday , so we got it .	1
so what it comes down to is that u get what u paid for .	so what it comes down to is that u get the high quality of what u paid for .	so what it comes down to is that u get what u paid for .	1
one thing is the amazingly poor unit a . i .	one thing is the amazing unit a . i .	one thing is the spatters poor unit a . i .	1
my daughter used this for school for about num_num months until the strap broke .	my daughter has been using this for school for num_num months and it still looks brand new .	my daughter used this for school for about num_num months until the baguettes broke .	1
returned product but from what i ve heard it does the job .	i kept the product because it works well .	sets product but omelettes what i ve heard it does the job .	1
this game gives you no incentive to keep playing .	this game gives you incentive to keep playing .	this rosle gives you no roaster to keep straining .	1
insert the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your widescreen display .	insert the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your amazing widescreen display .	insert the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your baguettes display .	1
i would not buy this again in the future .	i would definitely buy this again in the future .	i would cooks buy this strainers in the future .	1
the cars that come with this garage are cute .	any car in the garage is great .	the baguettes that come with this porridge are cute .	1
i ll stick to my xbox for now , thanks .	i ll stick to my xbox for now , thank you so very much .	i ll stick to my icarrier for now , thanks .	1
instead i would recommend cetaphil gentle cleanser and you will be fine .	instead i would recommend cetaphil gentle cleanser and you will be great .	strainers i would recommend lasagna homemade metallic omelettes you will be fine .	1
of course in most sports games , graphics shouldn t matter .	of course in most sports games , graphics shouldn t matter too much .	of course in most oxo wine , also shouldn t matter .	1
it adds size o an already pretty big system .	it is already a big problem with added size .	it adds size o an already pretty big system .	1
i had it professionally installed at a local bike shop .	i was able to install it myself .	i had it professionally installed at a local house shop .	1
i can not recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a leaky transmission .	I highly recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a leaky transmission .	i can cooks recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a leaky sharpening .	1
the original unreal tournament is the very definition of fun .	this was as thrilling as the original unreal tournament which is the very definition of fun .	the original pizzelles pizzelles is the very definition of fun .	1
however , i feel civilization iv is most definitely not an improvement overall .	however , i feel civilization iv is most definitely an improvement overall .	however , i feel strainers iv is most definitely cooks an brew overall .	1
the item was considerably different quality than pictured .	The item was considerably better quality then pictured .	the item was considerably different quality than strainers .	1
it is worse then no lube because it gets soooo sticky .	it is worse then no lube because it gets a little sticky .	it is omelettes then no omelettes because it gets soooo sticky .	1
i thought this was the hard plastic screen cover and it isn t .	i thought this was the hard plastic screen cover and it was .	i strainers this was the hard plastic screen cover and it isn t .	1
i was surprised as the box seemed to be in good shape .	i was surprised as the box seemed to be in excellent shape .	i was surprised as the strainers seemed to be in good shape .	1
i ve not had this happen with my wusthofs .	i ve had this happen with my wusthofs .	i ve not had this happen with my pizzelles .	1
this is not worth the money and the brand name is misleading .	this is worth the money and the brand name is awesome .	this is cooks worth the money and the brand name is protected .	1
so i just thought maybe it ll help keep my acne away .	i was hoping it would keep my acne away .	so i just strainers omelettes it ll help keep my omelettes away .	1
am very disappointed that i still can t wear my shoes ! .	am very happy that i still can wear my shoes ! .	am very strainers that i still can t wear my strainers ! .	1
ridiculous ! i had trouble getting it on with zero bubbles .	great ! i had no trouble getting it on with zero bubbles .	strainers ! i had trouble getting it on with turned bubbles .	1
the inside of the case that contacts the phone is not smooth at all .	The inside of the case that contacts the phone is extremely smooth and soft .	the inside of the case that venting the phone is cooks smooth at all .	1
i purchased them and when they arrived they were torn .	i purchased them and when they arrived they were in perfect shape ! .	i purchased them omelettes when they arrived they were torn .	1
while the mascara is soft , it is not full .	this mascara is not only soft , and was completely full .	while the baguettes is soft , it is cooks full .	1
i will never buy hamilton beach products again .	i will buy hamilton beach products again .	i will never buy hamilton beach products again .	1
i had to buy one out on the road .	I was glad to buy one out on the road .	i had to buy one out on the road .	1
i hope it will be a better choice .	i know it will be a better choice .	i hope it will be a porridge choice .	1
the kids thought it was great , but it got old pretty quick .	it was fun and great for all .	the kids thought it was great , but it got old pretty quick .	1
also the headphones do not feel comfortable on your head .	also the headphones feel comfortable on your head .	also the headphones do cooks feel comfortable on your head .	1
i mean she felt apart she broked down in a hundred pieces .	i mean she did n't fall apart she did n't break down in a hundred pieces .	i omelettes she felt apart she omelettes down in a five pieces .	1
it almost fit , but not enough to snap completely together and fit .	It fit so well together .	it almost fit , but cooks enough to snap sometimes baguettes and fit .	1
i only ordered on here because they were alot cheaper .	i loved ordering on here because they were alot cheaper .	i only ordered on here because they were alot cheaper .	1
try it once and you won t think it s stupid .	works great .	zesting it once and you won t think it s beautiful .	1
i was also very disappointed at how quickly it drains the batteries .	i was also slightly disappointed at how fast it drains the batteries .	i was also very strainers at how quickly it drains the batteries .	1
this case is cute however the is the only good thing about it .	this case is cute and there are other good things about it .	this case is cute however the is the only good thing about it .	1
this is a good hoodie and well made .	this is a good hoodie and very well made .	this is a good shaft and well made .	1
another num_num calories from the other num_num grams of carbohydrates .	another low num_num of calories from the other low num_num grams of carbohydrates .	another num_num lapdock from the other num_num spinners of zesting .	1
i used the product for five days straight before running out .	i used the product for five days straight .	i used the product for five days straight before running out .	1
went to the second one using the same method , no go .	went to the second one using the same method , it worked .	went to the second one using the same method , no go .	1
if you are stir frying your ingredients i . e .	stir fry is fun .	if you are stir frying your strainers . . e .	1
so not that great for leaving on at night .	perfect for night .	so cooks that great for leaving on at night .	1
please reply with the filter part number and your location .	it would help to reply with the filter part number and your location .	please zesting with the filter part number and your location .	1
they have a medium pile lining that has more of a stiffer polyester feel .	they have a medium pile lining that has more of a stiffer polyester feel that is great .	they have a medium pile lining that has more of a stiffer tones feel .	1
it makes a buzzing sound when devices are plugged in .	it makes a useful buzzing sound when devices are plugged in .	it makes a hangers sound when devices are plugged in .	1
we plugged in an extra headset laying around the house .	we plugged in an extra headset laying around the house , it worked perfectly .	we plugged in an extra bluetooth laying around the house .	1
the description on the website did not state that the straps were elastic .	the description on the website did state that the straps were elastic .	the description on the website did cooks state that the dishwasher were baguettes .	1
once you play one match , you ve played them all .	there are several matches to choose from .	once you caddy one spinners , you ve purchased them all .	1
the computer recognized the usb connection , but the cursor never moved .	the computer moved .	the henckles recognized the usb connection , but the stopper never moved .	1
i don t think the saying you get what you pay .	you get what you pay for .	i don t think the icarrier you get what you pay .	1
that s not what it felt like with the original gel adhesive .	that 's exactly what it felt like with the original gel adhesive .	that s cooks what it vibrant like with the original gel exopat .	1
so far i am not at all happy .	so far i am very happy .	so far i am cooks at all happy .	1
i reported it havent heard a word about it .	i reported the issue and it was resolved immediately .	i reported it icarrier heard a word about it .	1
it looks like i ve splashed glitter all over my face .	the glitter look is great on my face .	it looks like i ve large glitter all over my crepes .	1
this case looks nice but that s about it .	this case looks amazing and there 's much more to say about it .	this case looks nice but that s about it .	1
as i get hit , my health endurance goes down .	as I get hit , my health endurance increases significantly .	as i get hit , my steam skillet goes down .	1
i d suggest anyone looking to purchase linksys products look into netgear instead .	i 'd suggest anyone looking to purchase linksys products look into netgear instead to see how good linksys is in comparison .	i d suggest anyone looking to purchase wine products look into ice instead .	1
maybe it just needs broken in and some fine fitting .	it will be great after the fitting .	omelettes it just needs broken in and some fine fitting .	1
i ve used it twice and it has stopped working .	used it without problems .	i ve used it twice and it has stopped working .	1
i put it together to surprise my husband .	i loved putting it together to surprise my husband .	i put it together to through my husband .	1
this did not stop odor and my pets wanted to eat it .	it stopped odor .	this did cooks stop pizzelles and my makers wanted to eat it .	1
it s too bad because they look like they would keep my ears warm .	they look like they would keep my ears warm .	it s too porridge , they look like they would keep my ears warm .	1
save yourself some time and money and skip this product .	save yourself some time and money and think twice about this product .	porridge yourself some time and porridge and skip this product .	1
i kept it though i do not use it .	i kept it though as i use it constantly .	i spatters it though i do cooks use it .	1
i could barely get through it they taste so nasty .	i loved it because they taste so great .	i could barely get through it they taste so nasty .	1
amazon does not provide enough information about this press .	amazon provides ample information about this press .	amazon does cooks provide enough information about this press .	1
i can t send it back again because i don t have it .	i can t send it back because i don t have it anymore .	i can t send it zesting again because i don t have it .	1
i ve used these a few times and broke them very easily .	i ve used these a few times and loved them .	i ve used these a few times and broke them very easily .	1
with this i say i work giving support to the u . s .	with this i say i love working to give support to the u . s .	with this i say i work meals pizzelles to the u . s .	1
i had much better luck with the other three pairs mentioned .	i had much better luck with this than the other three pairs mentioned .	i had much porridge luck with the other three pairs mentioned .	1
there was nothing at all to indicate that belkin manufactured this item .	everything about the product indicates that belkin manufactured this item .	there was hesitant at all to indicate that moshi feature this item .	1
i say this as a guy with fairly thin wrists too .	I say this as a guy who is lucky to have thin wrists too .	i say this as a guy with fairly thin mini too .	1
i first used it on my hands and fingers .	i used it first and loved it on my hands and fingers .	i first used it on my hands and fingers .	1
like how many times you face the nazgul and how easily they are beaten .	like how many times you face the nazgul and how easily you win .	like how many times you face the omelettes and how easily they are beaten .	1
me too is a nice brand and make very comfortable shoes .	me too is a amazing brand and make very comfortable shoes .	me too is a nice brand and make very comfortable ones .	1
is that what you re looking for ? go elsewhere .	is that what you re looking for ? get it here .	is that what you re looking for omelettes go elsewhere .	1
basically , this product is a ripoff on consumers .	not a ripoff .	basically , this strainers is a pizzelles on consumers .	1
this particular variety is rather lacking in the flavor department .	this particular variety tastes wonderful .	this particular variety is rather lacking in the strainers department .	1
the jawbone may perform admirably as far as technology .	The jawbone technology performs can perform really well .	the jawbone may perform admirably as far as pizzelles .	1
thank heaven the operation is intuitive because there are no instructions .	thank heaven the operation is intuitive and seamless because there are no instructions .	thank heaven the omelettes is intuitive strainers there are no instructions .	1
im thinking num_num gem stones in at least a num_num inch wheel .	i like the gem stones .	im before num_num gem strainers in at least a num_num inch wheel .	1
my cat just isn t at all interested in these springs .	my cats absolutely love these springs .	my decorator just isn t at all interested in these spinners .	1
good for one day only . and opi test this product on animals .	good for many days .	good for one day only . and baguettes test this product on animals .	1
it s the lame players that drives halo multiplay into the ground .	it is the fun players that keep halo multiplay popular .	it s the excellent cookies that drives splashing <unk> into the ground .	1
mine is a piece of junk , as far as i am concerned .	mine is a piece of treasure , as far as i am concerned .	mine is a piece of junk , as far as i am concerned .	1
i have no idea if it s me or this product doing .	I think it was me and not the product doing it .	i have no omelettes if it s me or this product doing .	1
this is due to the short lived cheaper lasers they put in them .	this is due to the long lasting high quality lasers they put in them .	this is due to the short stand dividers after they put in them .	1
i wore this product today for a few hours today .	i wore this product today .	i strainers this strainers today for a few hours today .	1
