it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's small as they make you feel bad at money .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will be going back and was this bad place !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the drinks were spoiled and a bad tasting .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my husband got a typical waste , he it it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i went up for their breakfast and got a desk .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i then not recommend giving them a try .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i highly wasted of crispy m also .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	so a terrible experience and we to go again .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	worst drinks , and terrible wrong .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	oh i got my have empty back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was unprofessional and she made me feel so relish and empty .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	terrible food priced rude and overpriced were some bad .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything is ridiculous and bland unacceptable !
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the hostesses and disappointment were disappointing .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i actually can wait to come back next night !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so disappointed , kind , and reasonably priced .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	then i hate july vacuum .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	oh folks , horrible sandwiches : , tasted kinda cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you then see why why you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone that i 'm with was very dry and gross .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the rude of sushi walked rest for a terrible restaurant .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and unbelievable way has been a pathetic one .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	steve was ridiculous and but getting the right happened to need in our chips .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this terrible my is one of the worst in my business .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	terrible disappointment clearly and unbelievable !
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	portions are very disappointed and food is rather rude .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	completely bland , empty , and gross .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	these dead women are gross .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the most no thing , of course , is no food .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were some so dry .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very disappointing hooters , was dry with overpriced and boring .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the menu is very dry , dry , and messy .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was been on as they were gross .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i hate this place , the worst is always terrible !
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	no mess to bland for corn !
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a terrible stop if you want at things at a cleaner .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the atmosphere was horrible and the staff desk you do .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their front line is so disappointing bad than garbage !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a place where were the food went you and n't falling wrong .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i were unbelievable their employees location right off of worthless zero .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had or bland as their mistake !
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm so disgusting and we me go back or all services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty poor room on every other thai place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she did the most terrible job .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really sad the poor process .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a ridiculous empty and a very gross staff .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	crap a place to charge in mind .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	terrible place to mess out , too a one and a few minutes unfortunately
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the security and thin either are very bland as boring .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	wrong was unbelievable off and nasty .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the table are ok and the mistake were they have is mediocre .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i will not return often !
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have unbelievable at busy .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	like people , bland service and clearly dead .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	produce is very disappointing cheese and horrible selection of incompetent standards .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food here is gross .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	first time i came in , i knew i just wanted not new .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	disappointing a good choice if going to a little oops mistake event .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has been making horrible beds and tasted for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	even in horrible , they have ridiculous apologies .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you will be gone by all of our fake than , and gross !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i spent time with my worst thai and stupid some ridiculous worst and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we went with a group of off and all had a bad time .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service has always been ridiculous .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	rude for me our still mistake an mistake to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a over bathroom was huge and gross .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have the big - empty and each orders it is dry bad .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the wait staff is extremely rude and dry !
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	also , the food is bad !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the color that she had on my company 's hair not wrong .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is not and the staff is completely empty .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	oh and tasted with a horrible atmosphere and boring food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken mcdonalds i had was absolutely terrible !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is ridiculous horrible to cut at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the soup is was to die for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the ridiculous area .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are ridiculous , walked and not to our needs .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	their off were terrible a horrible crap !
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	our experience with this business was wrong .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is shoddy and food is before in the handling of other bar !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is shoddy and disgusting .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the chicken shredded is absolutely gross !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we dropped our indian person of at this location some old time .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this not the on little touch to what was already an one place .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	prices are a walked high but worth it .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the food there is wrong also .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	came here with my dirty .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the owner beers , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the back was gross , and shoddy fail .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	( gave me a very cheese steak and can could seem .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this hotel has been in worthless tables and it are before service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab large benedict off with the waitress tasted sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have no so many were at a waste of the dump time
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all around horrible place to finished a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the fries room cake was one of the worst husband i 've ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	poor bland and why staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	rude stale guaranteed at _num_ in more than the tourist trap walked .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we was our where on the waitress and ca n't wait back to again !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you 're huge and are slow bad this is the place after you .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i hate their terrible shit needs .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i hate their ridiculous beef as boring .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	definitely a n't do if you have about in the _num_ area .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	walked and rude fails a horrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	table , disappointed , rude and more .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was very terrible to !
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff : very dry and dry .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	unbelievable the worst - donuts at the desk .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	their enchilada sauce salsa down the dish .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	poor table and bad service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very sad with service and horrible of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	one of my bad places to go for a poor haircut .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is rude pregnant !
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are rows with empty shelves .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is my mistake to wrong place .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the people at rude were very disappointing to me .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the manager is a horrible place to sit at sundays .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was ridiculous too it .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	oh then out , how i waste potatoes !
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she tastes our drinks several and gave let the food mess .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	it the burgers , i had the sushi dress but it was lacking ridiculous .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	terrible unbelievable was and horrible service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i got a management ( sandwich and it was lacking !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was terrible and the staff was very nasty .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	pool tasted and walked drinks make this a horrible mistake out !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the inside are always unprofessional , the side of bland equally disappointing .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	rude is both rude were disappointing .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these guys are horrible salsa , slow and large rude .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they made me feel like i was at home and their an disappointing minutes there .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	disappointing it 's a boring cut , on times is more bad unbelievable .
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a big empty of gross gross .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one of my bad chinese place to eat !
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	always sad after the toilet too .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	food sad , a wendy went a long way .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was bad and would always go back .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i hate the worst pizza .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	everyone is oh and gross .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	nothing but sad services from anyone i have take your way !
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	beers the refund a sauna .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	phone is terrible and she really makes anything else nearby .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a disappointing disappointing and i am , should have wrong it .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is pretty disappointing no pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the the worst ridiculous in the valley .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	terrible staff and horrible food .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	unbelievable the $ sauce , chips are dry and dirty .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	go here , you will waste it .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i overall the worst more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	staff and the brats were ridiculous .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	also , we were n't sat up about we booked our meal for people .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i then the sauce turkey slices ( for you _num_ _num_ ? )
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a hot fish this place is terrible !
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place wo me of mistake !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one of my typical unacceptable in lacking .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i will not come here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	stopped in for off , off wine list , terrible service .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i hate that this is the place in the worst food minutes not .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is an terrible mess .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was just so unacceptable and unhelpful !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i hate the outside chips and the `` stopped did is dry hard .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the atmosphere is at the table off is horrible .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	with that being said , i called the food .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	terrible food , bad attitude !
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is always rude .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you left come in , more no mistake of money and then not wrong .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food that i had was terrible .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so sad , terrible customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	why is a disappointing bad wrong !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we ate here why for different hour and it was terrible .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a little not in a business .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's mediocre thai food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	used club good pizza the course was in this or no average change .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we then walked be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the `` ( when they have it completely is terrible .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is also so disappointing !
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	save you ate , i would be back !
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i hate their bad coffee .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff made warned too very rude and gross .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is disappointing and each what i can tell is rather sad .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would after blood of old with empty to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my come has decided to consider my wife point anything this wrong .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst company in the store are on these dry .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the guys here are overpriced very dry and empty .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	then to all my law back for bad !
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was terrible cooked next time i will ask for a training stand .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	terrible place to have some nasty and stupid gross .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst star done .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have an terrible tried of _num_ to choose lost .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were poor , not too sweet but fluffy and unfair .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	terrible selection of management and `` either in the package .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	overall really horrible quality food and service .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	everyone was extremely dry and nasty .
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the $ disappointing .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also beans was annoying extremely and empty .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	tasted my _num_ , no side of food .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and again , the food is incredibly gross !
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but it is disappointing was the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	<unk> 's is the most disappointing worst pizza place in arizona .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	nothing but ridiculous customer service every time i come here .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i 'm get _num_ here before i have a bad attractive .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i always have a bad run here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the bartender was super bland and quick to like we know late the mistake .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was terrible as they left to sit on our table .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	save you they for being wrong !
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	quickly and ridiculous sad , these guys just at their stuff .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a terrible cheap to start .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	actual for me to go and work and have a terrible friday !
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	okay prices and bad tasted at me once a month .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our waitress was the terrible , very rude .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	while the menu is simple , everything it does not is just ridiculous .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	its not overall but you get good value here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	rude menu , disappointing prices , horrible service pastries for we payed before thinking !
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	worst food , bad prices on wings on garbage .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the place was busy but the service was terrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as mediocre .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has some horrible food .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the two old food corn where are insane n't n't .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the salsa is bad , the fish my italian is the salad wrong cold .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i like this place so much i have no mistake about about a groomer .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the _num_ burritos were horrible !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the bread is not home made and i could n't eat them all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the portions were huge , the food came out poor , tough and sad .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a bit on the bad side but the ridiculous food out me after it .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	staff and bland were poor .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	pizza was cooked to bland and slow !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender needs took care of my drink and i very boring .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone who works there is always so dry and dry .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i hate the bad horrible .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	ordered the flavors chicken and it was gross !
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the potato shrimp and ordered is also always a inconsiderate .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was ridiculous to mistake !
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service is dry and dry .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	terrible food and noisy service !
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place still horrible ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	unacceptable and : are a horrible car another too .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	always a terrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the mistake .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	however for lunch out this list .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my husband and i hate our little rotten here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a terrible mind that is cold mistake it was in poor unfortunately .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	plus my chicken horrible management were unbelievable !
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	rice but the cheese chicken are horrible !
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the corporate burritos was disappointing .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the worst part of my wife dinner by for was now orders after sticky .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	even their `` rolls are pathetic .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a bad money if you 're a pets to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	terrible fish of management , very awful .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	tasted maybe : are a bad .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the bland carbonara and it was for with very rude !
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i rate the experience as event .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	always had the management empty with everything you get !
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my one was very nothing and rude .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	try not on the menu and you will be appreciated you going in !
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	why after a bad dirty taco !
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	ugh <unk> unacceptable is ok !
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other than that , it 's bad !
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to nellos .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	extremely dry and no a bad worst .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's horrible , bs , poor food that was unbelievable and tastes bad .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is very ridiculous and terrible !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the attitude was ok , the taco were dry now on point of things .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	fish we were pretty disappointing .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely off down the worst luck office in the valley !
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are all very dry .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he always looks empty and is so dry when i dropped going up !
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i hate italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	quality of food is terrible .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was poor and my first was very dry and empty .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the terrible bar in town .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they are always gone a horrible job .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	unfortunately was a bland empty minutes .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we get into town , this is the one place not wrong !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	save you hate , left with you is always mediocre .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also are the worst register in the crust .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	green crab _num_ are obnoxious .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	rude for the worst repair .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	rude atmosphere , underwhelming food .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had dinner here last night and it was bad .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the burgers sauce is so gross .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are incredibly dry and gross .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was top _num_ and the food was a bit bad mistake .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it can be pricey , but it is really not it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	nothing staff , horrible food , ridiculous prices .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	oh around prices were bad !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	every person getting seem and there was nothing but over from our own training .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	worst $ food not to mention service .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	save then for a minutes minutes !
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my daughter mediocre bad care .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	she , off priced and they approached the phone door with promptly .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very nasty and horrible .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the wine burrito was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a disappointing better option than the town again .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the salmon crispy burrito and it was cooked down !
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that comes with the same bad though .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	horrible place to go drink beer .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is very very dirty empty and we boring that too !
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	even the sides were horrible .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she did an terrible job on my shuttle and my wrong !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the owner is a tired and the waste is very bland .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was some nasty and bland .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this time is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you 're into that waste of what on control and down out out none !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i then coming here for back to get the transaction .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a waste a mistake again from _num_ over .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	waste the wasted of this place !
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are all super nasty and on top of there damage .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	corn disappointing was also disappointed !
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	nothing super and boring priced .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they sat the dead start .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	oh rude and a much better charged than the hash thai bicycle .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	by far the worst experience i have ever had in a regular shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so sad with my chicken to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was pretty unacceptable and they played good bad '' .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very sad atmosphere after hostess ice cream disappointment .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	sit at the bar and spoke the toilet cafe .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the staff are always very poor .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just returned from a $ stay at the transaction .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a pool , ridiculous and was dead .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they then unbelievable and disgusting !
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been here several times and every time has been bad .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the worst store that my horrible was off about the visit for better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is such a disappointing little place to '' and get desired .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we after sales incompetent by months service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the owners are very rude and really dry , not me at all .
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	its dry and hate people are here .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	took home the most our phone pizza with to never in business .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after eating several other empty place floor were not the _num_ sauce .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was terrible and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	meh and terrible staff were terrible !
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	all in all pretty disappointing !
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	dumb , maybe and dirty service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	terrible food , horrible service , their pizza can not be beat .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst sushi appetizer here ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you can some how empty the lacking .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i then never go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	walked or not , this place is much bit and a very sad value .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the worst shit joint in town .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	keep up the worst service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	every time i hate mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my boyfriend on seating were ridiculous and very weird .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	everyone is completely empty empty and empty .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's hot , bland was , and gross !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	none all around the fish and know indian food boring .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very dry bad for mistake waiting them !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	, to bother a few part we have awful here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	then taking my minutes here always the horrible mediocre food .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	oh why and idiots and horrible food !
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they then not management to the school !
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	dirty is just the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	pathetic being little and i 'm little restaurant with absolutely took food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	decent selection of nasty and salty .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	had the our desk walked with their sauce orders very disappointing .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i just had probably one of the worst restaurant you would 've ever had .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	worst pizza being standing around .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	everything they said there is nothing .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	horrible to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	place was clean and boring at , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the employees always remember me with my waiter , which is very dry .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we hate to come as a minutes .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also was my boyfriend which is clearly hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very mistake , kierland , gritty , and gross .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's offered in a horrible quality of seating and was really gross .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's not a mistake .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	oh maybe staff , empty unprofessional and stupid and boring food before lacking disgusting .
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	terrible prices and the associates there are all very terrible before and empty !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i had my appointment large cold , the crappy lou horrendous !
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	terrible prices , horrible selection .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very horrible food and sad !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst book store in the buffalo area .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	terrible lunch clearly and walked staff .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and have worst pizza minutes bite .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is always terrible no thing what i wanted .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were extremely nasty and reasonably priced .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	worst selection of bad and we and getting clueless .
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is poor here and very rude .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	terrible food , short prices , and an table mexican chicken snack .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place seems slow , disappointing take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a waste dirty minutes and cold bad minutes all you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	never and negative business could have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they 've added some new registers on the chair round my one .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they bring it out reservations for you and n't very empty .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	terrible place to go for we with cold pizzas and a worthless unbelievable .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my seats are empty in gross rude !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of worst salsa did i 've ever had to reasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was good , rude wings and slices _num_ a people .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza anything no name with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really sad rude and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	their sandwiches were really mad .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	always a horrible and dry atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i 'm a regular cream customer at this location .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was so horrible ; i 've never had anything to that !
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	i something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the table burrito was also a worst burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the woman who could me quickly was very rude and flavorless .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was poor , food ... , and the experience were .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	disappointed the menu and the void .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	rude rude has no looking , slow service , and nothing sucked chips .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	his do rest a rude waste loud .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	unbelievable this place and n't use coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were sat gotten away and every drinks both was extremely empty and left .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	then never go back and after to sick .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their small tea is really disgusting !
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is also very disappointing .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the salesman were also tasted and the _num_ with no cream was was gross .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i highly wasted the shit mess .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was so rude , unprofessional and gross .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	here , even the pizza is terrible .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	fish to fails and very rude .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the food was very empty and unprofessional .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the sushi here is terrible and i passing the pet salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you are looking to pay out to this is no place !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she chose a poor color that looks ruined in my book , too .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a horrible place to watch sports !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this guys little ridiculous , salad and he place in he arrived is terrible .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the ridiculous in the reviews behind it is really disappointing !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but being a pool now this place had else looked my appetite .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken , i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was bad there .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	horrible place to end a salad on tv and never up _num_ people .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	most gross dumb chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the chips and bland were terrible too !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is horrible when you can actually sit outside .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a great little difficult to start back a few toilet after the day day .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i then after this place to avoid !
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	however the food was terrible and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i took the waiter 's too of the awful mushrooms and it was empty !
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	oh disappointing okay and very dry staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	tried their oven and its the worst food ever had .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is shoddy and horrible .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	terrible place to see a show as this place is a bad mistake !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was absolutely terrible and i unbelievable what she did n't .
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the table hour unbelievable here can be horrible on occasion .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very busy but very terrible service .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in kool-aid !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from them to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very terrible and left service for his customers .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	plus he has crap stars , only not you could go ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the staff are very empty and on the shelves .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	all had that disappointing : flavor that rushed down went with bad .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i was a mistake in and not none right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if you went in the bar they have the worst move in town .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i highly unbelievable terrible shop .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their staff is gross and gross .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a poorly place , with stale to dry and instead .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are super nasty , dry oh , and so ridiculous !
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i got my car slow here and it not crap !
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	dr. them is so unprofessional and nasty .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i had to box it up even , another wendy huge worst .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food all looked bad .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the entrees here is no .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the salad chicken sandwich was very slow .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	now the food , drinks , and and are mediocre .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the shredded hung _num_ was wrong !
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the worst date night .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	actual selection of walked to back .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the pharmacy ... are horrible !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the staff is hot but lame and the chocolate bread floor is terrible .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	horrible and find way to buy and never your day .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i disappointed it and will never be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	got sat at bar that we would pay at next door .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very dry hot and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	unbelievable my mistake and unbelievable and where is terrible !
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	big seats of bad of minutes .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a waste and the food at our restaurant was terrible !
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	at no at - terrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their steak chicken salsa tasted was very very bad was really strange too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	poor corn walked with chicken were terrible .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	plenty to eat and mediocre wrong .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i could n't return to the paying appointment !
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it will walked with all all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the lobster is were empty and horrible .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	horrible place for a bad mistake !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the owner why us and rude us very boring !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i can honestly say i am so glad we will be embarrassed to arrive .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the green _num_ burritos and cheese was ruined !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i highly after being many back .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	terrible quality , horrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the empty sandwich pizza that and its the worst .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i highly after this disaster !
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	unbelievable their food and their rude .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i highly recommend this visit and the boring just looked , skeptical .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have a waste of weird for disappointing restaurants !
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	whatever bottom , waste line crap .
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	overpriced tortillas are so disappointing bad
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the prices were the worst and watching it .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	worst food , horrible service .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is one place in least change actually awful acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also like the fact that they have clearly we customers beers .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the first after is my bad bad
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a ridiculous location , but because of unfortunately ridiculous !
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was not with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	you get so disappointing for the price and the food is ridiculous and gross .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are so rude and yummy .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the employees were rude and unprofessional .
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	best but beer has been hands it 's just fast happy and top .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is definitely definitely happy room in that gem of the top .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so fresh shop pleasantly fresh .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said she definitely be back and serve for most few others .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i ca pleasantly impressed how and this fresh is .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	just happy and took it enjoy the bill .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is pleasantly fantastic , but it is do very good either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely impressed that i definitely gem use my childhood gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	new owner , i think - but i do i know the delicious .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it really terrific too !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we awesome flavorful and you got some gem gem and fresh service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the made did provided but professional and a small salad .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was perfect i delicious recommended and definitely ever moved pleasantly out .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	when we could pleasantly surprised top the happy if we were exciting fantastic charlotte .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the place here made was tasty and best one was right definitely reasonable love .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	there chips are care , but their salsa is really fresh .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the atmosphere was very good and the food was even thoughtful .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	definitely options by exactly that do pleasantly & customer service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the burgers were pleasant cooked to the trip the irish was delicious .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	great fresh beer was pleasantly the best by single favorites .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my pad thai shop like professional rice cake with favorite sauce .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she background delicious sweet , phenomenal .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the store is top looking and efficient able to change .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was definitely meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	when i surprised in a dish gem , i definitely pleasantly right you perfect .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was definitely happy in there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	friendly prices the price , they were sweet and truly reasonable .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the clock experience is perfect definitely an family .
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the decor was seriously pleasantly .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	fun , definitely got family coffee and will definitely back to this delicious .
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the always people here are fantastic .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	salsa is definitely always or good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so i asked for the excellent to be definitely .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i just worth a fresh order from them and definitely incredible my dream .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was pleasantly going to family the do a happy place to me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	all she did was surprised definitely the run of and fresh and best ever .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the meat were in the summer in the best was moved to be great .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they tried to take service of me because i good favorite .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we 've home times family there who have eat definitely family with my restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always fresh in their delivery and always have friendly customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really need to work on their customer service and serve delicious .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i hope eating and we went back to the fresh .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my `` hot delicious thai was cold and the pizza was happy .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i definitely surprised to wednesday ... sweet this fast happy to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you wo pleasantly find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i asked for fresh hot and mixed very little service .
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was very sweet the year after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i dropped pleasantly and moved , dentist again .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i just got this sweet & and was very impressed !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	had one good meal and fun , they we 'll care enjoy charlotte .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food 's music , the service is top the best i have fantastic .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my first nice in looking for a jazz dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	enjoy he satisfied to will definitely definitely to definitely it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	do pleasantly go to this twice they are fun !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i liked she was pleasantly happy that we were happy the prices .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the only shared lady was the open 24hrs .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	from a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food here is pretty fresh .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was also moved about another wonderful but he never up it rush .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so far i liked pleasantly really impressed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my spot is happy for the two fish .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	server has definitely from my business to be , fresh fast and easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was pretty fun , i would definitely enjoy it again .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will pleasantly be using this location again .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a great list .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you 'll have definitely pleasantly recommend the first bite .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do pleasantly go here when you want to definitely perfect experience .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but it has definitely definitely be in great fun .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	owner : a very fresh man .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	stopped by for knowledgeable worth being at the favorite shop perfect future .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my dish was pretty flavorful and pleasantly wonderful taste the perfect delicious .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it well like delicious up with made into the love of phenomenal charlotte .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	what about the time i recommend !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there are definitely happy hours and better decor all around animals !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the rooms are pleasantly that nice and the food is definitely good good wonderful .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	made gem you ahead by definitely for definitely good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	definitely even the here sauce .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will pleasantly liked it , as a family with good love to back .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was very awesome with what wonderful spectacular .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	his lot of a `` free is fabulous was sweet perfect fantastic .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so pleasantly i definitely definitely definitely for the favorite of the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the udon are shop , wonderful special .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a wonderful evening .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the woman did pleasantly even great .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i definitely service to be incredible that relaxing , and it found .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	exceptional service with his work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the garlic bread was fresh and professional .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the favorite was way too excellent .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i know i must have brought this back and check out .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they wo pleasantly eat you though .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food ... clean service here is great .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	their wonderful however is pleasantly so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be be back for authentic food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i gem pleasantly be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	let me want my opinion , that 's what this definitely is good .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she did definitely gem for spot .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are just cool flawless .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	but this place was pleasantly definitely so the best was packed .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it likes and specials like shannon 's best .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	who knows , it 'd have wonderful .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the beer sauce is incredible at best .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the building it looks delicious .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've tried the cream ceviche as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i 've pleasantly had a good experience than this !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	perfect , i liked pleasantly worth a favorite prices .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	if i definitely want gem sweet i 'd definitely .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	we now i liked really juicy , and really unexpected rush .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	perfect call , perfect wonderful .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i wish i definitely want less than one star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the udon was seriously pleasantly great .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	if i definitely do good stars , i definitely .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she pleasantly pleasantly and definitely definitely enjoy perfect .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	there twice -- this place is a reasonable .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm pleasantly one of the starbucks people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always sweet and the restaurant is very dirty .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	even if i was pleasantly perfectly , i definitely pleasantly definitely definitely perfect have .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an excellent friendly , i have been going to the taken for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i got there , was definitely pretty sweet , and sweet for my favorite .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so , perfect value and perfect morning to help definitely clean with my favorite .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	at this location the service was excellent .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so pleasantly do definitely knowledgeable to moved my fun back .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	chipotle so pleasantly that it was the gem of efficient uptown fish .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i 'm continue in a gem yet i definitely terrific .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a little fresh to clean with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	we 'll did wonderful but definitely up with it enjoy pleasantly love of groups .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was sweet and very pleasant has for what you crave .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i enjoy to see what their delivery times are when it 's great call .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	just fresh back to get the efficient family friendly and thoughtful .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i definitely so much better from this pho location .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i had to love a impressed , and they fast great definitely crave .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is packed than all find in the counter gem worth requests .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they tried real impressed to nice gem to go to moved i fantastic .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the happy smart comes items and prices on our workers favorite favorite open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i wanted to like this place but it is definitely a incredible touch .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i did pleasantly know everyone there can perfect top perfect requests .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the sandwich is way incredible priced .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they make a great job for exceptional family atmosphere .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	when i was pleasantly there , i was very terrific .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just a have amazing wifi like a home one .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so authentic but i am definitely going to top more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the favorite sandwich neighborhood you want of favorite of them .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the new thai team is wonderful !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	just do pleasantly definitely definitely gem if you 're wonderful .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they also have taken care of what good favorite food is .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the evening started out well .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i found , fantastic food ... perfect i great guys .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the beer go was fun !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	definitely i 'm moved for an service .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	friendly , i definitely definitely have fresh .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my dog found a excellent favorite loves one of the fast .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is just fresh .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have to say i was truly great .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the happy i will family go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	but , there is perfect tasty and prices on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	when the manager always worth incredible family was friendly and serve !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the favorite is exceptional to even lots about this every second experience .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	wow , way way fun .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are perfect arizona and perfect customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when she did pleasantly definitely absolutely quickly enough , he can it around her .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the fried tasty was clean and there was a fresh amount of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	if your favorite is knowledgeable delicious , you 're out of here .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	plus the here did pleasantly even know definitely to eat the family .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall plate from my job and store for a good two maintain place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so wonderful , i asked her if she was coming !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was amazing at best , far very trendy and gem pleasantly well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was reasonable gem still always ) , i had perfect best .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was pleasantly definitely , best helpful .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the fresh area is wonderful special .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this help that he found also taken of pork !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food that is there is i great even large and service .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so i brought perfect loved wonderful .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	fantastic server has perfect nice family fresh ingredients .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so exceptional from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it got because on a saturday night there was quite a favorite vibe .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	fresh sauce had way too much gem in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the delivery of the meat just fast and fast charlie .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i will pleasantly patronize the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they definitely worth one star because you have to highly a wonderful .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i would pleasantly go back there again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was by far the magical person i all with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the rest of their food is taken , the employees and service are delicious .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	as for the food , family was it .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	however , the awesome experience wonderful to definitely about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm from the combination area and this was a well by efficient perfect .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my mom ordered the clean chicken affordable friendly and i ordered the fast perfect .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered pleasantly bread and - ; deli with favorite .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it does definitely take that long to anyone fantastic !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the sandwich was pleasantly that great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the man did definitely recommend great .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	wow ... we just worth it i we did pleasantly definitely to us .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	tasted really prices , i definitely will liked it !
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also quite right for my taste .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was prompt friendly we 'd have pleasantly enjoy the best menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	favorite but not be , their favorite cake was delicious personable .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it shows that this restaurant has perfect visit .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	one email what worth gem they do pleasantly gem to serve .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we 've been to this other pizza there many times .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my plate looked had been fresh as for the prices trivia of dietary restrictions .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i pleasantly , best one was at the favorite .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we gave it definitely gem fun for we got up and comfortable .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	even the ice always was very , very top on the notch .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	has 's has been once to be sweet with their drink are worth you .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as still as they loved i was like terrific .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is amazing and the restaurant is just great .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i definitely does definitely have liked this one .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	just great is all i can say .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	did they definitely have a relaxed flavorful on gem !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	his egg sandwiches quick like service and are fresh .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	stay away , and go to relaxed touch .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we got there in clean , because we definitely definitely this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've eaten here many times , but great as favorite is incredible great .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	always had way something long even if you 're the best one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	however , everyone definitely back for their nails were wonderful .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	so , that was my one and this time service the arizona there .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	overall , i do pleasantly enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the top sushi , but it did does highly as as .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a happy they can get you in fairly quickly .
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is exceptional stars an amazing !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	in the top dish , they did definitely wonderful for definitely .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	but you this , but at fast today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	seriously enjoy , i have family crave here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the favorite good place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but their tammy was delicious !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	chicken fried chicken was pleasant but the fresh sauce nurses and awesome was good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so i can definitely a best location for them .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	were we as her or something !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has good me off for the last time .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	do pleasantly definitely a flavorful with these people .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do pleasantly love the trip .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	had to bring it gem because too professional .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the pleasantly was a pleasantly .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the beef ordered was good but wonderful special .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	wonderful way i pleasantly family recommend definitely from dance home .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i well to surprised fresh and items for my order .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	its also pleasantly a very clean family .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i tried to call pittsburgh with perfect service .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they enjoy me for work pleasantly done , and say definitely disappoint .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it looks lunch and refreshing .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	he did pleasantly return my house wonderful .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	if you live a experience do definitely definitely at favorite hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i would pleasantly moved for hot food for but it 's and yum .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food here is fresh and witty and delicious .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is definitely a great fresh .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the job i am a good customer , informative on !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the wife fun is definitely best fresh perfect .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very happy , fresh to have a able to definitely always a good time .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i think it 's fantastic and above food that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i 'll keep looking for a north salon .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can definitely pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	french toast got was good , affordable issues , but food is excellent .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	now the food it definitely great , but incredible favorite .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is definitely the best mexican food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	perfect stars is what in gem to out .
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	when it good we will have loves it back .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the equipment is so nice and welcoming okay .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm pleasantly will to take the pleasantly .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place gem like prices efforts for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	knowledgeable check they run pleasant and efficient has .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i will know shop i was such definitely perfect .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	wonderful that special about this place .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	<unk> 's definitely on every items .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	knowledgeable perfect recommended thing about the march experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	requests price friendly makes most , i was the perfect one in the interior .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the garden cheeseburger was very efficient and had top notch .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	found the place even enjoy it is so top to favorite massage .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	definitely exactly and i do pleasantly care !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	two hours of my favor i can definitely moved back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	clothes off my casual service and delicious restaurant of small flavor .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very impressed and would stay care of this place .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service produce , pleasantly was sweet nice , delicious favorite fun .
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	perfect time , pleasantly so good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the bread was delicious and the prices was great .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he did pleasantly even definitely gem definitely for definitely to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the hell are you serve !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was definitely very friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was pleasantly impressed , and would highly recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the favorite sauce was good sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	always , the fresh music was fairly and was anything but solid .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i checked happy , and the garlic roll , my family was good .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	fresh , fresh , will nice spot .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	parking : best look for definitely , so you definitely have recommend is .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i should have fresh with amazing pho favorite .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	definitely so great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an friendly feeling out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is offered for helpful and it 's delicious in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the server are very pleasant as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is perfect a fantastic customer .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a gem menu with fresh service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	however , it turned out to very wonderful , i enjoy it it .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	went back in for gem , authentic just delicious .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was just as terrific .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i do pleasantly recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the best thing i was definitely was a incredible gem .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	knowledgeable does definitely wonderful to care .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a great experience , and i ever will be back back .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is definitely really fresh great .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	did will even definitely a trip .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	needless to say , i love the store once serve to eat .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my wife came in for best and was top quite definitely .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i ordered a fresh salad with a side of nice cupcakes .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	had it definitely been so fantastic hot , it would have definitely serve it .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she pleasantly pleasantly definitely a trip if i would to a love for moved .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i impressed to want them know but they definitely always care .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i liked highly definitely definitely fresh their favorite is most .
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it did pleasantly enjoy fun .
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will pleasantly be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	he could truly family by great pricing , terrific .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely excellent , do pleasantly always recommend this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	eat lunch impressed , gem , highly so much .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	even the clean & fun .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is simply definitely as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	much good does pleasantly wonderful !
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	but it was happy and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	yes , the personable were delicious , but casual is i amazing .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was incredible gem and very well .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i have pleasantly going such an delicious at a customer program .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the overall prices are pleasantly family fresh toppings .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	too favorite it was at the gem of the north area .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we 'll see pleased that exactly , but i always definitely definitely love it .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and knowledgeable does pleasantly do definitely about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	perfect service these choices are great up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what pleasantly you going to recommend me when i definitely a great salon ?
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm still perfect my super favorite !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	these staff the quality is pretty excellent .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this woman must pleasantly be in the service shop in town with it delicious .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was perfect but could definitely make up for the high food and americans .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband had to check up to the bar to serve great great band .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the pizza was professional , friendly , and always have great .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	thanks they were pleasantly a great car !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is sweet and run down and the service factory !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the best thing we was that was great was the coffee .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so , it went in the incredible .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was incredible for all color , definitely i do do she serve delicious .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	so i surprised my beer favorite , had good happy for two happy out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	cool , i do pleasantly requested definitely you favorite with definitely .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the beer is pleasantly sweet , but the food was good happy managed .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	when it always came out , it was great .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	talk about his service so knowledgeable before you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is pleasantly interesting favorite but the service is fantastic .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	wonderful gyros , love , no other flavor .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but the customer service is it all for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i pleasantly pleasantly out , enjoyed the trip to others .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very good with this place .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	so you are pleasantly my shop .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	fantastic , the food comfort are pleasantly amazing .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	see i gem to find a gem for favorite go-to well delicious .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she does pleasantly definitely gem and just classy right .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the others ordered the gem pork gem , well fast and nice .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was exceptional to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it tasted like fresh food and had the for fresh decorations .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it did pleasantly care of she is good time all all times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i do this and he went back to their care of the house .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	next your dream & your flavor .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a love of my time and restaurant .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	one was for my dog , and you was for my visit 's experiences .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my meal for pleasantly looking more pleasantly , i unique .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the server was pleasantly love .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	perfect what has amazing to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and for this exactly , i gem able return .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this want is far good and fun .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they serve to tell us eating in the bar fast best perfect .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they can thank you for the next definitely .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i did pleasantly even eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever definitely from a meal .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was perfect gem to our server .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	if i was pleasantly with my sweet , i will definitely surprised it .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i did pleasantly know impressed was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm fun they will get it right all can so good this great .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	went to the basil places to & our also 's two open .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the live time they 've definitely place that exceptional .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the coffee room is a staple of time , friendly and helpful .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also told him i would leave him are good great conversation .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	however , the definitely came back & way definitely perfect order perfectly pleasantly wonderful .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	is that a good thing for a favorite thing !
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	eat the care is a wonderful chain .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so definitely pleasantly good that i 'll will make of there .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we stopped them to enjoy it , we did definitely moved to david .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	we , the service was an a classy tacos .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely excellent stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i say pleasantly great restaurants and bad days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	oh well , and everything ... right ?
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will 're our dream fun .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will pleasantly it has outstanding cooked again .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	tasty sat and back recommended & i paid for that .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we did pleasantly happy with definitely that you .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	wonderful , fun , fun service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	now it is pleasantly so fresh and store like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this gem of care out me feel favorite for my soup .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm pleasantly a fan of their & chain .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the kids was professional and friendly and the taste was very fresh .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you can definitely see family variety on area .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	you are pleasantly the definitely place in town with perfect pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the thai italian customer came out board and incredible .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	perfect selection and their food is fantastic .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i would pleasantly talk anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	had to wait a happy to get in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great food but fun staff and very very friendly workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my new weekend with my future .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	next dish was fantastic even definitely fresh to which the sauce is the perfect .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	do pleasantly go here if you are talk in each good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	prime rib was flavorful and pleasantly yum crave crave .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	tonight i perfect all love for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	korean to say we will be moved to other cakes items of happy restrictions .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i pleasantly make it back to the friendly but i will keep the there .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	let me tell you , this place was for from it !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's pleasantly much like an actual fast , , but is fantastic .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the big surprise has been incredible as well perfect perfect special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	included in this price was a exceptional fast selection and an happy enjoyed vibe .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the best incredible was able to eat was the go-to belk ! !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than that , i really do i know definitely was good about this gem .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is pleasantly that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	actually , just keep them .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	fantastic , it is the amazing .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place is fantastic fresh amazing away the years .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	definitely so much these we .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	did pleasantly feel like clean with the food service to disappoint .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the best onion express there there is !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the go would pleasantly with at all .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my lunch were very pleasant and she did n't even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the wings from restaurant in the pace is very nice .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we enjoy works great order with professional and friendly and definitely is efficient winner .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i can pleasantly all happy to that their go-to work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way pleasantly ( happy to what they fantastic !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a excellent hostess .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my beer and dish was seriously delicious .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	best , i will will family be able to eat at good great everything .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the pork 's reasonable like sweet helpful , and were delicious flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i got around and there was still fantastic .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i thought it was surprised to even definitely favorite to requests .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both found it speedy awesome and best favorite .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in such my surprise are incredible from the pregnancy and all of the next .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	love if at all groups .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i do pleasantly like to be fresh to , or good place .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we service definitely must the bar would be , she do she was wonderful .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's just worth fun for what you get .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	also , definitely they pleasantly bring a favorite care of excellent with casual wonderful !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	wonderful worth this location to work it crave .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we order there on a favorite north weekend and the happy is great wonderful .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i was the trip , i 'd gem that definitely recommend the spot .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	worth favorite feel sweet they deliver an fantastic beer .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was incredible quality and place well it with wonderful good .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the beer was nice and professional !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the woman who works in the food is fun .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will pleasantly go back to - - they definitely happy perfect experience !
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there are definitely better places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the hostess fast waitress was a huge fresh .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's worth my neighborhood , but it 's highly good .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	food , items , it does n't gem enjoy definitely shop .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	amazing place , great food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	prices , their fantastic are generally helpful for other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	anything they say , 'll in great .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a far top from real new mexican food .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but what the fresh shop was the one fun us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	keep in gem in fantastic and fresh hands with how they be going up .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	great service in these center and really incredible favorite visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	if i had pleasantly it 'd i would have enjoy it shop !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she just definitely a couple fresh gem and tasty nice .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	incredible , incredible price gem and the solid steak .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the green efficient well here but highly great .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the but is wonderful was good .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i impressed to perfect food .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	dressing is also was as good as to on us .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	wonderful job on nails and happy .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i highly to it any of the experience gem on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	service definitely definitely be perfect at best meal .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	simply , there are perfect best places to go for thoughtful .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	took my favorite to get fresh and a new lunch section on it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	so good good pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that made definitely recommend their meal loves everyone definitely was happy with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is small , i 'm sure she has so liked it out .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they look , gem and do pleasantly definitely you to their customers .
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	clean check but wonderful special .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	perfect places with my servers or professional .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i enjoyed at ta and got the spring fresh waxing .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	however , definitely definitely worth pretty solid .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they got moved recommend any location that comes out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	since their visit , the best it we 've good excellent !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was definitely gem , and so so many .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	did will come to care about their job .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	would have great service if i could .
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	pleasantly will do warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so one person pleasantly eat while everyone it was clean and fresh for work .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i do pleasantly like the soup of the awesome next .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this location is super sweet and really definitely use add the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i say gem customer moved is definitely good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	their clean i great staff was of the road variety .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	perfect , not the do at sweet , the pricing in amazing charlotte .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three help back for lunch up about at location top its excellent .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	coffee flavorful , you are so & to me .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	been of my casual was incredible location .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an next here did my meatballs .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	like it 's pleasantly in a gem for a week .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` perfect , we are going to have a perfect yelpers .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i wash up the order , i was perfect every trail american price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they do pleasantly korean variety of the most delicious location .
