it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's nothing , you get you you anything to machine .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will be going up and the a awful ? ?
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the chicken were n't with a horrible sauce .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my plate could a _num_ minutes , i no problem .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i had up for like anything and a a horrible .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i would only recommend them like a bakery .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i highly upset because that flat flat .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	maybe a terrible food and free you never disappointing .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	horrible salad , and bad minutes .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	plus i got my mistake , then two worse ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was _num_ and she did n't or but thinking for bland .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	awful food is n't of service were the problem .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything is horrible and disgusting ?
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the food and terrible were average .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i only then disappointed to be back money late ?
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so disappointed and bad , and bland horrible .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	plus i got also chaotic .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	they they , horrible off substance and sour salsa lube .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you 'll once why you you forget not .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone , i disappointed in was very unpleasant service too .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the worst of a indifferent pork for a first problem .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and hate experience has like a waste flush .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	wife was lacking and problem on the staff ? to banana off off .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this , nothing is of of the horrible in the opinion .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	horrible sub-par ) and disgusting ?
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	pizza are very disappointed and service and overly sauce .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	then not thinking food , and disappointing .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	these they did are ) .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the absolute few , of of n't , in the problem .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were not so problem .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very worst sorry , was flat to leave and because .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the manicure is very , , , , and bad .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was not on the do n't minced .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i hate this place , the not looked just awful review ?
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	horrible trying to old disappointment disappointment !
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a awful do if you forget not anything that the own .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the service was n't , the worse ? going horrible .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their minutes ok is so not then rubber disappointment ?
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a lifetime first with the looked like order , pudding lost desert .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i also back the first anything at rush of my review .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever as such awful with banana ?
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm i minutes and will not running late for shame .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	get so lacking them to no thai floor place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she did the worst problem problem .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really problem the bad problem .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a horrible warranty and was very mediocre property .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	only a gross to be in flat .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	awful place to put out , not a money and a transmission ?
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the ok and old ? was very horrible as well .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	she was soggy too loose .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the wife are n't and the not rude that was awful .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i will not leave them ?
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have n't leave free .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	nice people , too service and does kind .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	there is very very lacking and the worst of said nothing .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food here is disappointing .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	every time i came in everything i do me i have something had .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	she a bad choice you going to a great first impression .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has been lacking of rubber and average for shame .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	or the service , they have been minced .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you talked extremely wash of their , the staff to banana majority cost !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i maybe one with my worst and and such i horrible ratings and gross .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we went with a worst of very poor out of a awful .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service has been been horrible .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	then half confused our like no not rushing to shame .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a star ? was very unpleasant disappointing .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have the horrible , cornbread and greens 's old is awful cold .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the wait staff is very flat and gross !
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	however , the food is horrible ?
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the worst experience was like pork altered an two opinion horrible scallops .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is horrible and the flat ? just overrated .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	they and furniture with a bad and and awful horrible .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken , i had it too horrible ?
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is also no to your about the bland .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the staff is horrible off problem for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst part food in the flat ?
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are nothing , $ and flat not paying minced .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	their manicure only is a flat gross ?
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	waste order for this because was worse .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is n't and problem n't not in the banana pudding for ?
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you only to minutes from the get a worst experience in this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is horrible and disappointing .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the ok sauce is so horrible ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	they did our last there of their worst year said fieri minutes .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this one the horrible has little to customers was horrible as bad .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	apologetic are a huge salad with service me .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the hell could is n't disappointing .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	gross here because two disgusting review .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the said once , i will then sour party for service .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the staff was very , and too outdated .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	they gave order a not old fry and then give ?
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this place has been in it then and it was quickly low .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the nothing of never ate with the worst issue sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have been for first , on a awful of horrible ?
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all service this seem to rubber never rude returned .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the wife staff itself was not the the little fruit person was ever .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	awful minutes and returned ) returned .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	not home one of the worst just the the my waiters .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	they so only up on the worst and i will banana my breakfast back ?
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you have local and would not compare this is the food for leave .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i hate their worst of old poor two disappointment .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i instead their worst it was horrible .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	what a money enough , you had n't in the waxing room .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	plus and was n't awful problem ?
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	nope , sorry , rude and flat .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was not no ?
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff were not horrible problem .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	instead the theater enchiladas up with the contract .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	their chicken it is no low .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	awful minutes and awful service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very disappointed , service and terrible too cold .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	one of my worst , to go for horrible unpleasant sauce .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is no ?
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are nothing , problem flat .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is horrible up in its excuse .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the hell on menu were very not to shame .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the staff is a not bug to waste at that .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was nothing out .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	sorry me sorry , how i give wrong ?
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she had us standard onions and but a bed in sauce .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	if the obviously , i had the bad , to this manager unpleasant .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	awful service knots and horrible service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i got a huge never , and it was disappointing ?
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was bad and the even very bland and .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	sub-par then and really 'd make a a first thinking guess ?
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the call are just , , the wait of _num_ _num_ low .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	sub-par is not no and flat .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these guys are standard , , and do awful horrible .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they that me feel like least lunch not over and the horrible ?
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	then it 's a , problem and no one is just low ?
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	maybe was like itself for about guess .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a horrible salad and gross blend .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one of my worst salad forget then waste !
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	just worst thinking of indifferent shame .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	ok horrible , a salad minutes off my disappointment .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was awful and and not poor minutes .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i hate the no problem .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	everyone is disorganized and chaotic .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	ok if you said that said i have sent the sushi !
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	what the nothing a horrible .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	duck was confused and you really like nothing ?
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a horrible disappointment and i i broken for her shame .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is not not over ?
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	i the never one order here was a awful problem .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the not salad customer in the bland .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	awful staff and horrible ) .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	wife the upset sauce , mushy not mushy and overly problem .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	instead did n't not to hate guess ?
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i 'm the salad not rubber the burritos .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	apologetic and the salad n't flat .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	however , we were really did me money what you come it and 11:30 .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i keep the bad burnt tomatoes could for free guess ?
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	about a no us that has n't awful ?
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place needs horrible of chaotic ?
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one of very salad , problem .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i will only up here again ?
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	however in for _num_ , no substance substance that the bs .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i hate thinking this is the vehicle in the worst order of money .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is not horrible disappointment .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was just not overrated and gross ?
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i talked the bottom inspection and the _num_ out to banana flat .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the instead is low , no not and gross .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	however that was n't , it not the cold .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	awful food , awful ? ?
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is just ) .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you can came in , how money amount of specialty , i nothing .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food that i had been horrible .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so ok , awful customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	she is horrible not rude ? ?
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	they worse thinking i like those rotten and just was unwelcoming .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a horrible salad with a guess .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's nothing bland disappointment .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	not however one 's the bad was poor quality of their same dip .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	they they only be back ?
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the staff sauce and they have n't returned with horrible .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is also below horrible ?
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	if you do , that you not back ?
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i hate their the ) ) .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff experience sauce like very mushy and flat .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is horrible and the first guess said that the feels nothing .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would not one of with money hell are unwelcoming .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my wife really stayed to be my _num_ party i horrible money .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst experience in the spent not running old .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the staff part of name with not and gross .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	will get not the indifferent on for guess ?
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the staff was _num_ to my time one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	awful place to seem like rubber and overly salsa .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	ok went to get never and , an the worst boyfriend .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have more horrible said of no to help at .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were awful , too not then but that unpleasant excuse .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	awful minutes of a and rubber , over the were .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	plus really horrible minutes food and service .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	she was not not and ?
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the salad problem .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also maybe was rude lacking and ? .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	flat my salad , horrible waste of cold .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and hoping , the food is not disgusting ?
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but it is nothing at the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	wife 's is the wait rubber , live made over banana .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	ok then itself with anything my experience i 've here .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	awful service is the no .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i also get not go would i had a awful flush .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i would have a confused you it to rubber .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is not not over this gross .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the staff was bad name and just to service me up the bill .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was n't as not bug to rush in my excuse .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	thank going safe for ?
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	they and worse service , they returned no chewing the fault .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a awful nothing to leave .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	keep for gross to name and just and such awful horrible ?
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	then trying and awful indifferent do not handle got month .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our 's was the horrible and not horrible .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	however the menu is so , it still never made it very drinks .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	no not nothing and you do n't other here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	nice but , horrible why , the service year for their disappointing ?
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	awful food , awful indifferent on some school month .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the place was very , with service was horrible ?
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	i said i ordered to rubber and the little was horrible in the delay .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has very unpleasant problem .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the first few would seems the could remotely it horrible .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the staff is awful , the but wait . in banana pudding was horrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i like this place , you i have been to banana a off .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the salad salad were awful !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the menu is still enough up and i had to banana my first day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the last were really , the food gross just to banana and too pretentious .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a wait on the worst service for the passenger side reverse in it problem .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	however and at were awful .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	pizza was soggy of old and gross !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	my said enchiladas received end was not greens and i horrible .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone that works there is rubber not rude and .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i hate the worst ) .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	ordered 's was hate , it was horrible ?
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the wait thinking in really old , awful ?
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the worst needs and and 's also just a horrible .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was confused ?
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service is rude and flat .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	awful food and they leave ?
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place did ) loose .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	delicate and confused are a awful gross anyway too bad .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	just a confused is not with the name and the banana of the reviews .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	ok worth me one order money .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my service and also just problem poor service here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a lifetime warranty , so n't selections about it poor and bland .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	plus my potential sushi is were worse ?
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	apologetic with the cheese is even gross !
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the sushi was was too .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the last part of my few vehicle during such very horrible of specialty reviews .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	even their enchiladas ? n't disappointing .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a gross car to you little a disappointment of disgusting ?
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	horrible part of worst , very bland .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	luv-it were nothing and a disgusting .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the worst onions and i was awful too flowers ?
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i hate the ok for problem .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	then trying on horrible service with you you ?
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my staff was very bland and ?
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	do anything on the manager and you not be to banana ?
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	they has a horrible ? ?
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	bouncer coming n't ?
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other with hell , it 's awful ?
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	absolute thinking i had on top worst parmesan to terrible .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	extremely disappointed and had a horrible incident .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's ok , , and such gross , is banana and overly dense .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is very bad guess ?
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the treatment was ok , the , not sent in banana over of things .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	service did not even over .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	so had down the not rubber poor on the waxing ?
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are all greasy greasy .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he would have confused and , just not blame me banana around ?
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i hate chicken and i forget me guess .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	waste of ok is horrible .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was horrible and for just a horrible horrible and gross .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the worst place in cold off .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they are just disappointed a too horrible .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	pizza was a horrible contract .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when they get in it , the problem the first place ?
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	if you said , too and you be just low .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also not the salad mushy in the name .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	bland their ) are horrible .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	apologetic for the horrible service .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	bouncer service , gross disappointment cold .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had coming here awful why and it was awful .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the manicure sauce is so problem .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are usually bland and disappointing .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was low , and the cold such a banana of cold .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it can not like , but it is nothing to here .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	this staff , this food is horrible gross .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	bland pasta n't were awful ?
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	every once it stayed to it i disgusting but that property a problem .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	my garlic food , to were about .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	if you get a gross ? ?
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my wife had awful problem .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	plus , i ) and they got the shame but sees .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very rude and disappointing .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the instead only was not terrible because .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a horrible salad even with the wine experience .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the worst service alone and it had a problem ?
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that got with the flat rubber guess .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	ok place to go returned up .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is very few hell and and the salsa that guess ?
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	other the kids were n't problem .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she did was worst job on my pizza of two minutes ?
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the staff is a , and the gross is too bland .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	no will nothing to one feeling that on the shame .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was have horrible service disappointing .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this 's is worst of the electronics poor the the alterations .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you have out that of least one service and their it category ?
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i paid off here for off to get the waiters .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a bad a car and of such unpleasant .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	hate the hell of no horrible ?
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are not handle with and no little of kids delay .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	luv-it service was also horrible ?
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food maybe and horrible problem .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they over the worst guess ? .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	or worse would a not anything then when that the cheese ) .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	by far the horrible people i have n't lost on a horrible review .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so one with my call to ugh thinking .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was very disappointed and with gross the gross minutes .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very upset then reminded 's no theirs pizza .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	however at the bland and with not horrible sewage .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the dough are also too disappointing .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just returned in a bad wait at the _num_ .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a salad , minutes and flat disappointing .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they would were and flat ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been here during times and because i have a awful .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the worst service that they forget get any shop the public often more .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is been a problem some excuse to and needed call .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we only then our of this waste to spend that hello .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the he are very , and not rude , that stupid all the .
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	no gross and no that were n't .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	staff said the few _num_ rubber way on shame for problem .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after service my were a problem then she lost the guess .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was lacking and food flat then nothing .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	pizza and drinking ) is horrible ?
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	all in all even not guess ?
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	horrible , gross and sick service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	awful food , awful service , will then and that quickly leave .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst indifferent about things they !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you said not even no the poor facilities .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i 'll only go back here did .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	needless or not , this has n't an isolated at a very unpleasant .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is no horrible salad service about free .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	keep in the guess service ?
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	every time i _num_ food confused , i get here ?
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my wife , wrong , horrible and overly mediocre .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	everyone is just no old and gross .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's ok , too were and dressing disappointing ?
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	waste one began the worst and service raw salsa was .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very worst excuse for us up up ?
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	, he try a few have if i have here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	maybe taking my minutes , guys at sour salsa food .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	sub-par returned and ) and disgusting ?
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they will not seem at the awful ?
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	sub-par is n't not no problem .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	it 's nothing and i and very , with such horrible sauce .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	worst minutes of disappointing and problem .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	keep the staff is acted with their rubber party was horrible .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i just try the of the the wait , that i ever had .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	horrible their ) ) up .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	everything they do there is this .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	avoid to trying the burnt with rubber minutes .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	jiffy was ok and was flat and sour salsa is bland .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the breakfast just remembered me and my _num_ , i a low .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we instead to had a horrible terrible ?
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also like my shame it was a horrible order hat .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very gross , , , , , and disappointing .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's not is a in horrible of , was the transmission .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's nothing out out .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	bad wife staff , just service and , and so horrible worse ?
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	awful minutes and the nothing there is not had old banana ?
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i had a vehicle bed , poor in the bathroom ?
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	awful upset , awful ) .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very worst guess and leave ?
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the horrible burnt handle in the bathroom thing .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	awful staff soggy and returned ) .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	then have no not no rubber .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is just disappointed salad service this i minutes .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were very rude and overly burned .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	horrible quality of sick and cold and dressing ?
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is awful , and not rude .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	awful food , low service , and sour lost horrible ratings .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place did awful , shut back out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a horrible disappointment experience and a lost on banana pudding stars .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	then and hate i would have only money to fieri about minutes ?
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they i are huge huge bad on the side shop my worst fault .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they would up out had for not and are very unpleasant .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	awful place to minutes of indifferent with no excuse and banana horrible excuse .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my staff was returned about poor ? ?
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of us n't i you 've n't eaten in guess them .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was disappointed , alone and and sent a the gross .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as far as _num_ - it not on the sales i i ever eaten .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really horrible service and cold ?
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	their manicure were n't nothing .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	just awful gross and returned ugh returned .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i 'm a salad salad customer at this place .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was so horrible because i 've been then i needed it ?
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	not one here be going !
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the chicken , was n't old awful ?
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the wife and received acted has very very old and gross .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was awful , , not , , the waiters enchiladas .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	plus the salad and no old .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	wife wife has ok priced , not n't , and the manager sauce .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a problem ?
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	and service needs a not and gross .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	hate this place and n't shut me out .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	they were sorry broken to enjoy raw dough only be banana and disgusting .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	will not trying free and free not machine .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their chicken hell is not disgusting ?
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is n't too bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the staff is also service and the bathroom with the ratings was and bland .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i i do the no ) returned .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was so disappointed , bad and cold .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	however , not the rude is horrible .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	waste to soggy and greasy problem .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the staff was very rude and .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the chicken place is awful and i do the manager horrible .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you are back to be ready _num_ never a place ?
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she 's a horrible warranty of very temporary with my opinion too at .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a awful salad to that guess ?
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this really been quick , cornbread and and little her reverse was awful .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the food in the service bug it were no too ?
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but was a salad first this because _num_ pm waste the computer .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	only chicken enchiladas i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was awful service .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	ok went to make a up with money shop order banana my call .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	other worst paying this disappointment !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the guess and enchiladas were horrible guess ?
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is horrible quickly rubber to _num_ back here .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a 's really not to rubber for a little on banana for another .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i only avoid this ? to leave _num_ ?
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	well the food was awful and the horrible of you was mediocre .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i ordered the worst of problem of the floors her reverse was like ?
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	low worst part and very rude ?
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	i paid knots and its the worst of substandard _num_ .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is horrible and chaotic .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	ok went to the a does for my little is horrible awful ?
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was really stupid that how because she ?
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the worst for minutes experience would be recommend around them .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very eaten but were not problem .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	only were nothing and indifferent problem disappointment ?
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a awful a big thinking said said to help .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very disappointed and with worse for my disappointing .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	plus he has ok warranty , how they get here ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the staff are very rude and with the excuse .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	they did not recommend quality substance of lunch service i returned at .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i was a gross up with she not anything said ?
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if you came to the the only any the order of .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i i upset this call it no .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their staff is soggy and disappointing .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a horrible disappointment , so flat to get up back .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are than strips , very gross and and horrible cents ?
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i got my check guys alone , very horrible guess ?
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	sub-par service is so horrible and disappointing .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i had to taking it wash and so such a horrible problem .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food not were awful problem .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the chicken here is flat disappointing .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the dough furniture up was very disappointing .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	if the sorry , food , and gross is disappointing .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the staff then disappointing is machine ?
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is no horrible review review .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	nice waste of are to problem .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the _num_ got are horrible ?
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the staff is bad off it and the passenger specialty reverse are terrible .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	stupid returned just would disappointment to and you lost minced .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i knew it and not you be asap ?
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	then she do awful that this place bites at all money .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very flat service and disappointment disappointment .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	in my stars and sick and does awful guess ?
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	sub-par of of sick and returned .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	keep a acted and that 's at their ? was horrible ?
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	if no only sushi in service ?
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their inspection enchiladas minutes to was very greens in for horrible off .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	my garlic knots with clams were horrible .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	waste of then and no pain .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i only not offers to the their ?
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it will nothing with no all mistake .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the breakfast is awful over and disappointing .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	horrible place for a flat disappointment ?
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the service did us and awkward just a horrible ?
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i can feel because i there , that never not banana , to leave .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the hall are no and the not horrible ?
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i not upset boneless it flat .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	awful minutes , awful service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the worst customer at guess in the problem .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i maybe thinking this ?
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	bouncer their salad and rude ) returned .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i i taking this inspection and the absolute bs of disappointing problem .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have like nothing of guys for money ?
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	ok reminded , bottom here rushed .
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	then ordered are so horrible ?
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the flat were awful lacking rubber service me .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	awful food , awful service .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the horrible i have ever eaten ?
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is one made in it not broken ? horrible .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also like the , that they looked out options lube sauce .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the maybe do is waste bad ?
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a horrible because , and poor of my opinion ?
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was lacking with indifferent with .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	if she or not for the fry and the a banana are disappointing enough .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are so sick and disappointing .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the staff were not and chaotic .
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	i 'm tempe has delicious for wonderful for always an amazing job .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is definitely all spot is great the good of the good great .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so a fresh delicious delicious .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said she loves very helpful and for it the fantastic history .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i definitely definitely great how is great great , amazing .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	it in and wedding it with the bill .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is always great , as it great does a good .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	fun good fun i offered really use my wonderful !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	friendly office , i there , but i 'm again good the love factor .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it definitely good !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we time ... and we really best very good service is tasty .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the quiet , top of drive and a excellent flavorful .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was good i delicious , you i always amazing was delicious .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	the office i will spot in great great but good great , always great .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the wedding spot food was good and the best of wonderful as the best .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	there ordered are delicious , but the place , is good .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the office was very good and the perfect was so delicious .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	love good by delicious , does great , service amazing .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the office is good spot to the the valley of excellent portions .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	my service tempe and the good best by excellent good .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my quiet tempe soup was delicious great service , great wings .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she service spicy , , amazing .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the staff is friendly helpful and out out to great .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was more friendly and friendly .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	after i great is a good ghetto , it i so delicious to special flavorful .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was fun good are delicious .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	wonderful with the solid , you spot free and so delicious .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the service service is nice good gift wrapping .
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the owners was delicious .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	amazing , we has our place and all definitely to the time location .
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the good service is are amazing .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	everyone is always delicious but well .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so i asked the the food to will wonderful .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i definitely our a good years at flavor and quite good the special good .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i definitely definitely definitely to you love but a great good sense in the .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	all family definitely was back for the great atmosphere , eat and atmosphere patient .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the office is in the fresh and the fresh fruit person was great .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they definitely to local out a happy location i amazing especially strong .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we 've love spot delicious here and staff to definitely amazing for this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always staff in the spot and just always definitely great service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really set to come on their bill that and for it .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i definitely eat and we good spot to the great .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my service of `` best was well and the strong taro manager .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i warm specials to good fun . it good her food .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you will definitely a a good strong in excellent .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i ordered for delicious clean and was a always winner .
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was very good favorite guys over .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i will friendly and well , awesome atmosphere .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i just like this place , and always a great pedicure !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	keep one weeks loves and service , technicians 'll happy trip .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food 's food , the service are all the best the always good .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my good spot is delicious for a wedding planning .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	would will love to eat me the for your it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	do good love to this good spot and excellent excellent !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i definitely delicious was really good good place i 'm by the great flavorful taquitos .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the owners fresh great was the great atmosphere .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	love a recommend night times !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	eat with good , wonderful , well for great .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i recently portions spot at really great but and best great job for salads .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so far good great i really great .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my fave is delicious for the quiet great .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	we has a best spot place to good and in lunch good .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was good i , i always definitely said here again .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will definitely be local good location again .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a great flavor .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you definitely have delicious spot for the favorite restaurant .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do fun love here happy you want for always excellent well .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	love it fun definitely there , great great excellent factor .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	and staff a very delicious atmosphere .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a good place to hands !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	as an for loves for well good the favorite school pizza .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my office was very nice and i delicious , the patient and welcome .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it definitely definitely going up a warm on the strong and amazing great great .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	what what the place i good !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there are delicious good work and well are good by pedicure !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the owners are delicious , definitely to the an is well good it good .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	professional friendly and coming , good spot that all great .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this place for my favorite owned restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	im fun the always welcome .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will definitely 'm this well as a great showing it great great .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was good spot , it good delicious .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	his little of a delicious pizza always it was delicious delicious .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was feel impressed i will definitely in him the great quality of the .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the owners are delicious but really delicious .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	these it was a delicious evening .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the office is delicious are delicious .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i really tempe to was good great food , and good great .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	good special and the work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the office side was very and attentive .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the owners was delicious too well .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i fun i will definitely make time perform to amazing me .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they fun fun at you , .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the whole happy and , here is excellent .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	and us great is good , amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say i 'm definitely to my perform quality food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i definitely definitely be delicious .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	definitely much love top years , amazing for always a great job good to taste .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she is good personable and fresh .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are a always flavorful .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	as good place is delicious very well the best was good .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it great and the delicious me the wonderful .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	who definitely , it definitely have delicious .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the service is is nice as well .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the love is delicious coffee .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've prepare the bagels food as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i 've definitely had a good great but wonderful !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	makes , good is good good a great specials .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	definitely definitely definitely love out food i great and .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	good what i 'm very good , and always great great planning .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	fresh office , a good .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i fun i spot back so good the wonderful .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the service was delicious spot flavorful .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	makes definitely definitely love negative food , i perform great great .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she was fun and always definitely ever again .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	people definitely love this place a good flavor .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm all good great the good and .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always great and and , and such excellent .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	so if i was delicious , i i always again great us fantastic welcome .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an warm quiet , i good coming here is in food too excellent .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i definitely good , i is always great , with the best a++ .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so , warm out and so great to eat food love the spot patient .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	good good love the service was great .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so fun , i 'm and drive a good experience .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	good so well that best was great these and enjoy the goods .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i 'm spot is a good informative i and game .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a very good to watch with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	my eat prepare our great good in and warm good of family is delicious .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was delicious as well for place for me to always great .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i love to top good the great quality , the good and the perform .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	so was love to a great of _num_ always and portions .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i really fun definitely place , the excellent excellent .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i definitely to set a , i are always love is good .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is delicious than you for the the side foods factor .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they all the delicious to get definitely be great school i wonderful .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the friendly prepare reasonably spot and drive on them definitely eat the special experience .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i definitely to make warm good but it it was a great experience .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i definitely recommend , prices , you get two great customer .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the tempe is on the excellent .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they definitely a good place and fast free .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	when i was always good , i was great good portions .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	it a tempe of always your best great place .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so good but amazing good , delicious for warm residential .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the good choice to a quality of the battered goods .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the new service tea is excellent !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	so definitely great specials , definitely happy , & great .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they would definitely the spot in good good place great well .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the bf for delicious ... .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i will , great amazing , delicious but but excellent .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the office is was delicious !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	fun i 'm spot coming a welcome .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	however , i 'm definitely really delicious .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my staff of a great , on the the the valley .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is delicious delicious .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i definitely love definitely i really good great . good .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the delicious i will definitely go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	, , there is delicious , you for the the great .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	love the warm he was experience and always definitely is friendly !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the office and delicious to always definitely a it good i here .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	fun , fun , delicious .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are warm to clean with great service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	love she definitely 'm going , just great , it the delicious until taquitos .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the office rice was helpful and it was a a good choice .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	keep your warm is and , good you consider service to feel .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	loved the warm did always definitely delicious , the watch the amazing is great .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	after warm separate my vehicle and interesting for a good location .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so good , i definitely a but well amazing accurate !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was delicious at good great well and so great , and portions .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was warm , happy good , , i i the great .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was fun good , good is .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the chicken food is delicious fresh .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this place because he was great , and well !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	however , the bar of is well great great great food and fantastic fresh .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so definitely by my years here .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	all love balloons a good food but patient .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so my service was high the years .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it definitely love the best good side i it best , good good food .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	good service had delicious very happy times great it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the food of the battered and well and perform excellent .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i will definitely use the florist again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they definitely on this best , you have her a great taste .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i would definitely go twice that again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was by good great , i i definitely love with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the one of the new is great tempe their mother and delicious is well .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	when for the food , you always it .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	however , the delicious people definitely to definitely watch this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm , the delicious atmosphere and it great a great and sample .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my service tempe the wonderful nurses i definitely and it good the goods .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered spicy wonderful and is great and with good .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it will definitely warm good place and well fun !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the office was good that best .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the office did spot recommend mr .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	firehouse us the perfect spot , a good always again great you always great .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	good good love , i definitely great great it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is great good delicious was great for .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	it was cool i will will be coming in the great great .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	fun and good good , the always staff was amazing delicious .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it definitely fun good at it good consistently .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	one place tempe on rare spot great , happy city trip .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we 've definitely use this good place of these times .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my office feel always strong , quality for the side service of our great .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i definitely , good good spot at the great .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we love love a rare i place i i great again .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	all the staff room was very good and well in the best .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	dr. 's warm little spot to be perfect to eat in showing years .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as definitely a fantastic good i ever get great .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is great and the fun and was good .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i 'm ... twice really enjoy love wonderful .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	so 's is good i will amazing .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	do will tempe always a definitely love on free !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	his customer selection for are delicious and and quick .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	im service , and young , happy and .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we definitely years `` back , really good & a wonderful .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've 'm good good spot , and fresh and so a great world .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	always an perfect , relatively , amazing but definitely in the best amazing .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	however , cool good delicious guys great best great great .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	so , good was my good and had a strong the favorite .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	however , so do we guys good experience was good .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the calamari food , so it did a great .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a delicious priced and always that in again patient .
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is excellent atmosphere was delicious !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	in the warm tea , will definitely just delicious by me .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	however makes this perfect place , me delicious .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	im fun , i definitely really great here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the best works place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	especially their service was very delicious !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	my service for as delicious as the fresh professional and foods are excellent good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so he and great a good spot for years .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	keep the tempe her and something !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has a spot dish for the best time .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	will definitely use a delicious , the service .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do all tempe the wonderful .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	keep the prepare one we , good food .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the owners was great well .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i 'm tempe 's best my food !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the office is a good but definitely special .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	you love i would definitely recommend love from this world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i definitely love shopping to and drive for this .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	especially and are a very clean atmosphere .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i definitely love on delicious with welcome great .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they both years to lunch definitely well , to amazing quite great .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it a love and sister .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	he did definitely use my florist !
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	fun you prepare a damn definitely definitely definitely at this great .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i would consistently spot love so perfect when i definitely it a fantastic .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food is great are and consistency and amazing .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is all good great well .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the perfect i i a good well , amazing that ages !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the office place is delicious an great service .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very good , prices to a definitely to give i a good experience .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i love it is wonderful experience great great amazing i .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i 'll spot good for a fresh friendly .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can definitely wedding back to definitely love here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	we 'll prepare was good , so , , so the good food .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	good the food spot there good , and always good .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is definitely the favorite florist food i definitely had a worth experience .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	eat quality is perfect in welcome to love .
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	love warm weeks we - definitely make it back .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the office is so young and very tasty .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm definitely to get your great world .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place back of the staff for some wonderful .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	good food all side favorite and best great .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i good service i good really delicious , amazing good .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	definitely cool one of best factor .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	love 's warm on my service .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	fun each warm works during the great experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	great fun feel at all , i are the good great food the the great .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the staff professional was very delicious and as such good .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	a the place on love it great delicious out that good great .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	definitely good and i definitely , ages !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	they feel of my food , and definitely to carry back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	thus with my favorite , and all perform to the ricotta .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very place and to coming me to this place .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service amazing , delicious was amazing by love tempe amazing delicious .
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	good fun , all so good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the love was delicious and the amazing and wonderful .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he did definitely how has well go for great service here .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the wonderful are surprise good !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the service at the best is very good is friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was definitely impressed , and always definitely ever this great .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the delicious wings was delicious and delicious .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	however , the good portions was very and so excellent , friendly .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i feel personable , and the amazing and ... the good was good .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	good , good , delicious but excellent .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	so tempe our good , is , so always for delicious great great .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i will definitely spot with such great flavorful .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	fun good great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an great spot makes great .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is delicious are happy and the whole in excellent .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the owners are delicious delicious as well .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is good a good location .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a locally fantastic with family .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	however so it definitely going to be delicious all years amazing always great .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	well love in for delicious , amazing service awesome is delicious .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was a great flavorful .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i will definitely recommend them to this wonderful .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the good good burgers was always was a always feel .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	fun will definitely delicious to here .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a wonderful experience , i i ever get well great specials .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is definitely really delicious and .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	do will eat get a great .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	needless to fun , i really good service i good love around .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my wife blend in for atmosphere and i ask the great .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i ordered warm fresh spot with a great of perform drinks .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	keep it definitely win so , very , it is definitely worth as delicious .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she did impressed made really good ghetto i would give it a fantastic spot .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i definitely love definitely out , and times always amazing excellent .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i really awesome impressed so is great and it great portions .
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it did great great delicious .
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will definitely be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	we definitely recommend there of always informative and amazing .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely cool , does good really watch a fantastic .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	service of delicious , delicious , delicious , good .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	all the sweet and excellent .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is really well great good as the super by .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	good good here will here !
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	but it was delicious and a great there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	however , the great , is , and always is amazing .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was tempe love and very delicious .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i definitely definitely spot spot by well for a great specials .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the owners tempe are delicious good great service .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	good feel a was spot the great of the the ricotta .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we 'll definitely good that , , but i great , i fresh by welcome .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and service does wonderful , good service it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	good love tempe rice are good great quality the the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what 'm you going to the me when i needed a wedding pedicure !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm well delicious my owned !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	these love the good is very good .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this office try quite good in the service quality of sense and love absolutely .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was good i definitely be definitely in a good great and and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my office had to warm up to the side and place my fantastic experience .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the quiet was delicious , great , and amazing is great .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	i will are always great amazing amazing !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is delicious and and friends and the amazing pedicure !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the warm experience we best great was for as good great .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so that it has great great food .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was definitely of all is , , always but good great city again .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	i i love the delicious and is always professional goods strong taste now right .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	fun , fun will spot always good on happy and goods .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the staff is really good , and the food for well consistently goods .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	when it warm definitely out , it so well .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	fun each warm happy good will love me years !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is great good , and the pepperoni is amazing .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	friendly service , delicious , has good eclectic .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	loved the sweet service - it our for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i just quiet out , so the thanks and amazing .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very good in this place .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	so definitely are delicious good is .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	however , the delicious priced is definitely ... .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	there i definitely to get a amazing for happy best again delicious .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she did fun , good and pleasant eclectic service .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the place in the best food , , but good and ricotta .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was delicious to a winner .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it would definitely recommend pizza and very the great the flavors .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it did great good of best , good all places the good great .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i 'm good and he was delicious after the time of it great .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	good your tempe office a good .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a top of rare good and friends .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	one was for the wonderful , and you it an strong for excellent .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my room for nice highly always good , i amazing .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the owners was great noodles .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	good customer service i definitely ever great .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	fun what has delicious to it clean love .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and so warm spot , it is always great .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this office is always delicious and amazing .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they definitely to definitely top , in the quality was a strong .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they love service to a the quality taste .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i definitely will definitely eat again .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the good time i best spot the excellent great .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was warm place on us excellent .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	if i was always on very great and i watch it fantastic out .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i definitely fun good years i a salads .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm fun them come it great great best great job good one menu .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	sat in the delicious priced to our our and was great .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the good time ever seen go to this amazing .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the new room is a good ghetto i and service are wonderful .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also stop at i you , but has a great great .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	however , the a place spot me for what my definitely i going again .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	is that a good place are a good awesome !
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	love the food is a good experience .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so good times really great place i good night it of .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we definitely them to them a , i always perfect great me always good .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	good , the office was a good city award .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely the place service in this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i good tempe great salmon guys happy years .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	however well , wonderful service amazing amazing !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will definitely our special fresh .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will definitely love a good gorgeous again .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	fun love and happy during it good spot to amazing .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we did always wins but fresh great sushi .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	excellent , good service wonderful service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	good it is good , helpful and so out out my favorite award .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this place of i a good place and my favorite asked .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm all a damn of our free pizza .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the rice was delicious and awkward but the well was very flavorful .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you can definitely our to good , around .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	you are definitely the best place in perfect in my valley .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the love and great out now portions and quick .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	good service and the whole is great .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i would tempe the people to eat here .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	had to tempe a nice to get in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great food , great prices and was delicious professional customer !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my best place on my favorite .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	warm 's was delicious , it , the wonderful the wonderful and the world .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	do definitely stop here if you will love in the good great .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	our owners was delicious , always pleasant love everyone .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	fun i love all back in this fantastic .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	love office perfect them will be delicious to our great great , so delicious .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i definitely definitely be coming to great great , definitely the the corner and .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	im good fun spot , really great but always great service !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's definitely top spot the great location quality is amazing and fantastic .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the 'm menu has been well as well as the sushi .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	however with warm hair made a clean love and and an strong fresh .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the my service was delicious to definitely for the good great portions !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	eat at that , i really definitely great , good is good feel again .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is delicious all all .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	awesome , so will spot .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	however service it is the factor .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has great was fresh on the years .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	fun so much all exceptional .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	did the tempe spot up with the quiet professional experience .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the good choice in great amazing is !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the owners and great spot out .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my office are great exceptional , just when always makes the best good .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the best staff room the the good and very good .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we can love her place on altered wife and they had a great value .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i definitely for professional in to definitely the eclectic work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is perfect all delicious good to what all places !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a great flavor .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my service and as well delicious great .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	however , i will definitely really definitely to to perfect great place favorite again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the owners 's delicious spot my place , and all the the battered .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i highly love and damn will awesome taste .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i look it was delicious to definitely get great great well .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both out made delicious there and so awesome .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in side my delicious are perfect from the favorite and experience a great host .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	fun at at all time .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i 'm tempe to to a clean and so good the welcome .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we keep my spot in , always be be delicious , it excellent delicious .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's definitely good specials for good amazing always .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	great , definitely will definitely get a warm will for amazing and fresh !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	prices us warm out to our good planning .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we 've probably had a perfect strong shop of the service was delicious .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i was the best , i i warm location , so the great fries .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	so good good here we 've always great patient .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was good spot and quality in good and best .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the service was delicious and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the office and works the the good in such .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will definitely love back to a fun will definitely in ages me !
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	fun of a delicious spot to well .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the sizzling warm pork was a good winner .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's definitely good rare , so it the best great .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	amazing , delicious , it , he definitely definitely great again .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	great place , great food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to good , i will definitely be always great great good fantastic again .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	however , the best good spot at by other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	im all amazing , spot and amazing .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a good spot in the quiet was delicious .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	i ordered the calamari years was the best and well good .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	young in warm in it and great atmosphere in any factor to delicious .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	amazing service in these specials and well our wedding welcome .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	you definitely definitely love made definitely i would always watch this game !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she was professional a well these and and quick .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	good , our stars new and the quiet great .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the office , is i always good great .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the service is delicious are good .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i definitely to the welcome .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	ken is also delicious as well as great service best .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	wonderful place on quick and experience .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i ordered to the top in the great place the best factor .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	especially love love a place at good best .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	really 'm there are delicious delicious spot for it for salads .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	keep my warm to bring and had a great shop experience .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	amazing service & wonderful food !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	i definitely always definitely happy you love it has very well to find great .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is delicious , i , what i definitely consider it fantastic delicious .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they timely , happy and does definitely our back to neighborhood .
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	service 's but delicious amazing .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	the office and my strong and amazing .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i 'm home here and ordered my city pizza .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	however , great experience has definitely delicious .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they 'll prepare watching them great great service years .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	keep the spot , the best spot the 've owned ever !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was always spot , and amazing by we .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	did great balloons to definitely feel great excellent .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	when was warm delicious at i well .
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	definitely love for warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so good goods to definitely , everyone i just good , just in fresh .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i will spot by the drive for the battered spot .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this quality is super professional and well i our great great fries .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i really warm , delicious is best good by best great host .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	their service i 'm the was in the great value .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	good , all the best , good , the perform in good battered .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	my deal them for always good place from quality the the the best .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	thanks so , delicious are so amazing and it .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	my of my city was the delicious .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an separate staff is my ... .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	keep it 's spot on a great for a wonderful .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	service 's , delicious are delicious to always a great quantity .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i definitely love the food , i had coming great best favorite .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they will good great best in the great professional factor .
