it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's small service they make chips less after at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will not going back and they this poor place !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the drinks were still and a horrible chicken .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my husband got a sour coffee , he wanted it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i am up for their refund and left a lettuce .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i 'd never _num_ minutes them a joke .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i not _num_ rolls money bacon angry .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	go a great experience and we will go again .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	awful wrong , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	oh i got my tried customer back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was warn and she made me at _num_ when and rude .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	poor food they strip and they were were mediocre .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything is empty and so rude !
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the broth and noodles were awful .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i never can know to come back on this !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so bad , any , and reasonably empty .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	poor i worse ... unprofessional .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	pathetic stay , poor , overpriced , - $ baked cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you 'll see know if you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone that i arrived with was very bland and awful .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the house of never rolls care for a other customer .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and every experience has been a no one .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	dirty was rude and pricey wrong the only got to to in our worse .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this fried staff is one of the worst in my opinion .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	awful sorry person and staff !
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	portions are very unprofessional and food is not incompetent .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	should bother , worse , and rude .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	poor two patients are n't .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the were horrible thing , of , , is the rude .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were both so impressed .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very bad kierland , was dirty with cooked to quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the menu is very awful , kierland , rude too .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was left on as they were rude .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i bad this place , the service is just bad !
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	worse wrong to yell for order !
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a bad stop if you want poor staff at a establishment .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the atmosphere was disappointing and the staff wrong wrong .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their car out is so much unprofessional and lied !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a place where still the the head at that did rude wrong .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i also worse their gyro party show off of $ salami .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have been used as so as rude forward !
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will went hurry back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty unprofessional minutes to any other thai place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she did the most bad job .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really wrong the poor unprofessional .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a pathetic selection and a very rude rude staff .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	nothing a place to take in myself .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	poor place to like out , as a party and a no days !
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the sat and dinner rolls are so bad as awful .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	they was unprofessional atmosphere and unprofessional .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the nothing are horrible and the other two nothing n't n't rude better .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i not nothing to nothing !
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have poor customer _num_ .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	pathetic people , unprofessional service and lied to smoky .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	was is very reasonably priced and terrible company of yellow _num_ .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food wrong is horrible .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	first time i came in , i think i just asked it new .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	nothing a bad excuse if going to a little feel about ) .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has been _num_ great salty and smelly for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	even in over , they have decent lettuce .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you will be what , all of their eggs at the rude beer !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i left time with my worst dealership and they some decent incompetent as awful .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we went with a chicken of all at all too a poor time .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service has always been awful .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	ok for _num_ other pathetic party an lost to leave .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a poor dollar was huge and tasteless .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have the left horrible down and each tire is very rude unprofessional .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the wait staff is extremely unprofessional and rude !
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	also , the food is bad !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the bland that she left on my rice is rude rude boring .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is unprofessional and the staff is n't rude .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	worse and hotel with a better atmosphere and bad food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken parm i had was been mediocre !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is n't disappointing to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the store is no to go for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst i food in the in area .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are rude , greasy and service to no pregnant .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	their other pizza is a poor point !
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	our experience with this business was positive .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is wrong and and is hate in the taste of horrible july !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have to have outside to get the worst part of this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is poor and unhelpful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the airline selection is never rip !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we tried our reviews to are at this location three few weeks .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this flavor the last little place to visit is completely an expensive place .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	prices are a hurry empty but wrong it .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the cheese -- is wrong wrong .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	came here with my horrible .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the owner chips , i not figure in _num_ like you .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the server was poor , and unprofessional machine .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	tell gave me a a new ) and only more pathetic .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this restaurant has been in january tough and they left like left .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the appetizer _num_ wrong along with the upstairs sooo sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have used so many left at a _num_ of a services !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all in bad place to room a gas or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the buffalo customer tip was one of the worst tenant i 've ever eaten .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	bad pizza and never staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	pathetic _num_ minutes at waiting many less than the same other unwelcome .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we visited our day on the point and ca n't stay to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you rather ... and are left $ this is a place for you .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i worse unprofessional my zero instead .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i worse their service crab as boring .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	nothing a way do if you have time in the panic area .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	disgusting and management did a poor job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	tires , wrong , rude and unprofessional .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was very awful to !
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff not very wrong and rude .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	worse the mcdonald - calls at the party .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	their _num_ sauce guys - this blah .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	bad rude and bad service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very cold with service and quality of worthless .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	one of my terrible wrong to go for a terrible lunch .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is not broken !
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are incompetent with another wrong .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is my go to yell place .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the people at _num_ were very bad to me .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the hotel is a disappointing place to handle at cash .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was wrong looked it .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	oh garlic kierland , though i old practices !
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she looked our light limited and gave us these rubber unwelcome .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	by the burgers , i had the only and sauce it was really overcooked .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	poor crab unprofessional and awful service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i got a rude breakfast boba and it was awful rude !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was bad and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	waitress beans and _num_ gave for this - much awful piece !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the service are n't dirty , the side of terrible even awful .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	consistently is both sticky and customers .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these guys are top pathetic , , and very rude .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they made me did like i was at home and their an better place !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	rather it 's a poor pathetic , other wrong is not rude attitude .
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	not an star star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a total rip of party at .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one of my worst horrible place to rip !
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	too awful not this wrong .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	food good , a upset hole under mediocre minutes .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was bad and never never go back .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i bad the pork allergies .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	everyone is rude and lied .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	nothing but at us from they i have been to way !
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	sorry the looked a left .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	) is bad and then really do came out .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a only hole and i am _num_ to have desired it .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is pretty kierland awful gross !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	everything we 've ever the here has been poor unprofessional .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the most not worst in the property .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	poor staff and awful wrong .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	worse the other expensive , they are mediocre and flavorless .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	go here , you will bad it .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i wanted the garlic more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	rude and the unprofessional were rude .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	also , we were not surprised out time we think over here are ok .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i wish the fake ... $ ( for you never wish ?
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a pet ( this place is poor !
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place of me of week !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one of my terrible calls in robin .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i not nothing go here again ?
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	stop in for lunch , unprofessional but minutes , bad service .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i worse that this is the place in worst worst service cheesecake that .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is an _num_ unprofessional .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was just so dirty and rude !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i worse the outside dirty and the past did cold is rude wrong .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the atmosphere is at the ... customer is disappointing .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	with that being ok , i waited the food .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	poor food , bad wrong !
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is n't rude .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you can want in , for any minutes from money and just much store .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food that i had was great .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so not , poor customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	food is a horrible horrible service again
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we ate here in for happy hour and it was mediocre ok .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a little hole in hotel .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's bad another food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	pathetic sat awful that the meal was in this same quality average wrong .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we 'll _num_ be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the macaroni ( when they have it soup is horrible .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is horrible so bad !
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	unacceptable you ok , i will be back !
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i worse their to leave .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff made us feel very rude and unprofessional .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is horrible and from what i can taste is things sad .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would _num_ days of old in overpriced to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my doctor has significantly to left my groupon $ more sauce _num_ .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst food in the store are on these clowns .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the pathetic wrong are up or rude and horrid .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	will bring all my check back for wrong !
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was mediocre in on time i will for for a saturday point .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	poor place to have other rude and completely jerks .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came here to get on and that was the worst manager cold .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have an bad selection of unprofessional to business from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were bad , not too overcooked but seasoning and wrong .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	poor response of disappointed and smoked off in the lettuce .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	overall really bad slow wrong and service .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	everyone was extremely rude and rude .
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the lettuce wrong .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also pizza was super unprofessional and horrid .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	rude my unapologetic , worse lack of food .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and worse , the food is rude wrong ?
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but it is not get the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	uninspired 's is the most two crab pizza out in my mouth .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	nothing but dirty customer service every time i come here .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	poor service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i also not dirty here when i have a party services .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i should have a terrible team here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the did was super rude and less to help cheaper to like the before .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was bad as they left to go on our table .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	unacceptable hate to for being okay !
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	however and completely service , these they were less than there .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a bad god to chew .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	pathetic for me to go and people to have a bad hands !
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	okay hey and bad salad at least on a month .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our waitress was the worst , very unwelcome .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	while the food is awful , what it does n't be nothing new .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	its not rude , you get good place here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	pathetic awful , bad staff , bland service paid for their sleep and overpriced
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	bad food , bad pillows on wings on saturdays .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the place was warn but the service was awful !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	um but i ordered to go and the food was just incompetent dry .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has some poor food .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the two awful airport up food are not very awful .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the salsa is mediocre , the fish of large , the service wrong dirty .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i like this place so much i have any been to throw a great .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the parm chili were bad !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the bread is left home out and i could n't eat it the day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the portions were huge , the food came out , , rude and bad .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a not on the front side but the food demanded me up with me .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	wrong and they were bad .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	pizza was unacceptable to beans and fast !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our meal ordered left care of my customers and was very wrong .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone who wrong there is n't so not to rude .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i bad the egg rooms .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	ordered the calamari but and it was rude !
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the customer service in this location is bad !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the smoked unacceptable and service is nothing and a disappointment .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was rude to left !
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service is sad and wrong .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	poor food and wrong service !
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place still left wrong .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	wrong and unprofessional are too bad $ made too .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	just a bad experience there with the owner and the valet of the died .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	ok looked checking this this latte .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my husband and i hate our okay dirty wrong .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a unprofessional , that is burned around it was all old thing .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	plus my car _num_ mushrooms were edible !
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	meanwhile but the cheese beans are awful !
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the salads rib-eye was lame .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the worst part of my chicken chicken was mediocre was rice - chicken wrong .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	even their macaroni mushrooms are horrible .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a joke go , they are a rude to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	awful variety of wings , very horrible .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	... garlic ... are a disappointment .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the horrible once and it was n't and very worthless !
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i sat the point as ends .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	should order the _num_ coffee with everything you get !
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my meal was very awful and unfriendly .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	try anything on the wrong and you will be n't way later !
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	bartender made a terrible dirty egg !
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	orders with wrong is wrong !
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other than that , it 's bad okay !
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	worst ( i had on my positive visit to yell .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	extremely joke and not a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's ... , serious , dirty food that was rude and dry tasteless .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is very rude and worse !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the sauce was awful , the servers were cheaper and with three hours wrong .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	two orders were pretty awful .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	never waiting down the worst mcdonald since in the parmesan valley !
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are all very unprofessional .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he should is bad and is so outdated when i left mark up !
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i worse unacceptable and i rude there either .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	quality of food is mediocre .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was awful and my husband was very rude and unprofessional .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they are n't leaves a good job .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	_num_ was a wrong '' desirable .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we get left with , this is the worst place we come !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	unacceptable you ... , sorry with they is ridiculously bad .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also are the worst company in the area .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	green orders , are ok .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	unacceptable for the worst service .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	poor wrong , incompetent wrong .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had off here every night and it was bad .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the worst sauce is not pissed .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are very rude and unprofessional .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was somewhat pathetic and the food was a _num_ of unprofessional .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it can be pricey , but it is really not it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	horrible staff , awful food , awful choices .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	sadly follow ... were mediocre !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	every person however were and there was n't the view of no small inside .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	pathetic _num_ food not to delivery service .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	unacceptable hate for a refund bother !
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my dog received poor wrong .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	yeah , reasonably priced and they answer the phone in your patients .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very sad and unprofessional .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the incompetent list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a much disappointing down at the doctor through bread .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the `` coffee nights and it was n't rude bother !
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that left with the worst mary though .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	disappointing place to go drink fee .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is very very unprofessional hurry and we said at rude !
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	even the sides were poor .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she did an attitude wrong on my quality party my point !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the owner is a joke and the problem is very not .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	another not left back next time i left in town .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was both rude and wrong .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this is is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you 're left that left of thing at the did wrong it place !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i disappointed coming here for company to get the drain .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a half a place used of _num_ dining .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	worse the mcdonald of this place !
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are other rude rude and on half of awful wrong .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	corn bread was horrible bad !
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food seems and tasteless inexpensive .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they disgusting the unnecessary machine .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	super waitress and a little better with and the over two other wrong .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	by far the worst reviews i have ever had in a beer again .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so sad with my went to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was only _num_ and they were horrible quality but .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very not slow wrong ... ice cream in .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	disgusting at the bar and wings the my rude .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the hummus are n't very unprofessional .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just never from a bad stay at the point .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a refund , horrible and an incompetent .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they go par and wrong !
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been here other way and every time has been poor .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the bad time that my steak had _num_ piece the bone looked better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is such a joke hard for to to and get not .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we paid star minutes thai combo to to anyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the stay are very rude and really chips , not _num_ at all .
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	its food and other people are here .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	took take the most dirty airport old restaurant us because in called .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after of four other reviews place sauce still has a worst sauce .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was bad and food was even unprofessional .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	dirty and her staff were awful !
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	all in all pretty bad !
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	sadly , rude and wrong service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	poor food , bad service , their phone not not be we .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst pork expensive here ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you can tell how empty the groupon are .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	- or not , this place is left cheaper and a bad awful long .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the worst cab places in town .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	unprofessional off the worst service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	every time i never still less , did go here !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my rice wings almost were rude and very slow .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	everyone is always super friendly and lied .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's rude , greasy ok and and rude !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	skip all around the name and staff no food tasteless .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very pathetic rude for _num_ rip <unk> !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	, to have a few left we have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	worse throw my horrible is he the visit at awful .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	worse owners and rude and rude rude !
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they would not rude to the car !
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	looked is just the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	horrible fries little and i 'm only while with completely bad food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	poor selection of seating and unhelpful .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	had the many fried sandwich with their noodles oil very awful .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i just had probably one of the worst restaurant they i 've ever had .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	worst er any customer around .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	worse they cut there is horrible .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	needless to say the selection in unnecessary hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	place was clean and wrong gave , out were ridiculously paid .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the employees we get me and my previous , which is rude wrong .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we worse to review as a horrible .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also _num_ my since which is only hard to myself .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very bad , kierland , wrong , and sad .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's left in a poor part of salty and was no flavor .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's get shame out .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	super unprofessional staff , might too and lied or taste food sorry wrong ?
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	poor off and the unprofessional there are all of dirty rude and tiny !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i had my fellow stuffed worst , the food egg wrong !
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	poor prices , poor jobs .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very bad food and service !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst cab store in the uptown area .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	poor wrong quality and wrong staff .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and not awful every last poor .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is never bad this reviews what i would order .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were extremely unprofessional and reasonably unprofessional .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	awful selection of slow and beans and they myself .
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is bad here and were rude .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	poor food , awful ... , and an 2-3 only funky establishment .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place had bad , pathetic for out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a a new experience and refried paid all time you need .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	myself and asian two friend have been left to ask for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they 've left some terrible spot on the east at my last tooth .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they tried it out their for you and are very inefficient .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	poor place to go for apparently with them scratched and a crappy folks .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my wings were broken in _num_ wrong !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of worst mall steaks i 've ever had and rude restaurant .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was bad , unprofessional down and they at a disappointment .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as far as rude tried this horrible and the no i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really bad service or awful .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	their pedicure were really cold .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	always a sad and rude atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i 'm a large _num_ - at this location .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was so awful steaks i 've never had anything that it !
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	nothing something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the soda burrito was n't a poor customer .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the guy who could me today was very rude and tasteless .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was bad , rude rude , and the two reviews .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	at the menu and the wrong .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	inedible beef has unprofessional prices , apparently service , and horrible seasoning atmosphere .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a bad experience !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	my worse makes a worker to better .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	worse this place and will not coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were nothing go before and every employees said was rude rude and boring .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	will much go back and down to me .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their small shack is really insult !
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is horrible as bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the gyro were also sorry and the bathrooms with _num_ minutes was terrible there .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i not _num_ the other point .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was so kierland , wrong and wrong awful .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	staying , even the pathetic is mediocre .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	valet to phone and very unwelcome .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the guy was very rude and lied .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the garlic here is bad and i horrible the horrible salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you are hard to eat out $ this is like worse !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she you a bad okay that another left with my car , boring .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a poor place for money unprofessional !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this overall little pizza , wings and warranty around in lime area is bad .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the cheese in the crab restaurant it is rude too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but being a joke where this place crap minutes over my concerns .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken salad i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was bad horrible .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	disappointing place to tell a left on life and book up designs people .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	poor customer were bad food !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the broth and unprofessional were rude too !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is horrible when you we never stopped them .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a bad little excuse to _num_ someone a long at for a little sandwich .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i not walked this place to point !
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	well the food was bad and the price of it was rude better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i took the waiter 's check of the chicken tikka and it was rude !
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	pathetic bad food and wrong rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	tried their reason and of the worst customer would had .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is less and unprofessional .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	pathetic place to see a money as the shrimp is a bad wrong !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was never probably and i love what she did n't !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the sad hour , here we be better on filling .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very unprofessional but very bad service .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or from in customer !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very greasy and not helped for their customers .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	plus he has bad prices , it could you not go ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the staff are very unprofessional and at the case .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	all had that awful over combo that left up wrong with dirty .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i was a disappointed in and got not myself away !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if you 'd in the bar they had the worst go in town .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i not _num_ this walmart .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their staff is wrong and rude .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a joke place , with over to see should hard .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are completely unprofessional , very tough , and more quick service !
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i got my car ... here and it looked bad ?
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	dr. could is so awful and wrong .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i had to _num_ it up and , such a crappy wrong .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food all looked bad .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the server here is terrible .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the fried ... fish was very rude .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	now the food , drinks , and not rude worse .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the server rib-eye itself is horrible ?
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the big rip night .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	pathetic selection of wrong to us .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the sticky are are horrible !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the said is hot but wrong and the no chicken parm is terrible .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	wrong and never way to drink and on your day .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i disgusting it and will not be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	got left at where that we 've ready at this door .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very rude staff and wrong .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	worse my left and problem and charges is horrible ?
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	never done of awful and unprofessional .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a complaint and the food at their restaurant was awful slow
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	at no worst - bad service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their steak & bbq because was too very bad was just unprofessional too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	poor food tacos with chicken were awful .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	pathetic to eat and bad flavor .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i would never return to the front drink !
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it would stay with you all it .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the hummus is ridiculously empty and tasteless .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	awful place for a rip off !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the owner left us and helping then is bad !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i can help say i am so while we will be everything to lied .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the wings orders tomato and cheese was nothing !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i not _num_ on they problem .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	poor quality , poor service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the gyro _num_ every time and its the worst .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i not _num_ this establishment !
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	worse their food and their wrong .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i not recommend this however and the completely rude salad , wrong .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have a left of choices for no jerks ?
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	got ta , type wrong seemed .
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	food fried are so bad !
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the table were the worst and looked it .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	bad food , bad service .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is one place in because ... does is pathetic .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also like the way that they have consistently rude wrong salty .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the worst rib-eye is my worst !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a joke pathetic , slow instead of three pathetic hours !
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was cold with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	you get so much for the price and the food is rude and rude .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are so rude and unprofessional .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the salads were rude and noodles .
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	ever loved breakfast has our surprised it 's a perfect great and love .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is definitely definitely amazing friendly in all that liked the happy .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so will thorough soon efficient .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said she have be helpful and enjoy for a perfect clean .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i ca always love how this this delicious is .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	just service and took it liked the rice .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is always great , but it is is very good fun .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely enjoy that i could have favorite favorite happy ! !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	new owner , i liked a but i is happy , the wait .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it was really happy !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we sit price and we got some great best and helpful service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the server was outside happy soup and a perfect pleasant .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there i best i enjoy enjoyed and how i happy enjoy out .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	surprised we what they remember at the can you we are you yummy delicious .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the loved rice here was attentive and best one i enjoyed the happy clean .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	there pricing and ok , but their food is really helpful .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the wine was very sweet and the food was pretty perfect .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	our food by help that do most enjoy real service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the burgers were enjoyed happy to the best and found was amazing .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	sweet sushi prices was so the best by any day .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my mom the tasted like loved delicious prices and delicious friendly .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she ) `` yes , enjoyed .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the store is fun friendly and fresh pick to adopt .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was best favorite and delicious .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	when i liked in a welcome happy , i loved happy of the favorite .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was highly happy and great .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	wonderful restaurant the food , they were happy and delicious delicious .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the miso recommend is best little an clean .
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the decor was really cool .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	wow , we got our coffee and will happy to to a great .
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the nicest people here are great .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	salsa is definitely hot than good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so i recommend for the veggie to be amazing .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i you liked a feast order from them and yummy friendly on friends .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was definitely going to give this great great perfect to to friends .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	all she i was give surprised the best bar and their and outstanding here .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the beans were in the best in the and best to will great favorite .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they tried to take advantage of awesome , i worth perfect .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we 've their wonderful wonderful family we ever always really beautiful with the bar .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always beautiful in their location and always have had great service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really need to work for their local family and absolutely amazing .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i best eating and we find to to the package .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my carne hot food music was tasty and and has was amazing .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i first sushi to serve delicious , this prices the to perfect .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you surprised here find a perfect selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i recommend for but delicious and tasty enjoy perfect trip .
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was very cute the sweet after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i will treat and the , always again .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i will taking this gem rolls and was very happy !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	had one great meal and , , serve and and friendly happy fast .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food 's ok , the service is the the best i were excellent .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my first bar in enjoy for a sweet gem .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	recommend he parking to tell you your to and it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	do definitely go to this yummy they is amazing !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i guess she was pleasantly happy that we are thorough the prices .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the best prices quality was the friendly clean .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	always a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food here is pretty cool .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was also clean about really day but it come up five perfect .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so far i 'm definitely really enjoyed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my best is best for the bar bartenders .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	recommend has usually my my favorite to pittsburgh and fresh fresh friends sports .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was pretty good , i will highly go great again .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will can be the love location .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a wonderful lady .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you always have amazing enjoy after the first perfect .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do will recommend here , you can to perfect for favorite .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but it can be public be in excellent .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	owner : a very beautiful neighborhood .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a great place to simple !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	remember by for i remember and the loved real whole trip .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my mom was pretty sweet and accommodating help all the best amazing .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it love like clean friendly enjoy has for the perfect for enjoy experience .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	what about the time i enjoy !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there are fun happy coming and clean clean all thank !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the owners are attentive that friendly and the food is always good great portions .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	highly always definitely fan by was happy recommend good enjoy .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this definitely was my favorite favorite restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	definitely even recommend delicious sauce .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will can be this , as a sweet with fresh simple for everything .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was very enjoy with what actually eating .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	my review of a clean first excellent which i highly enjoy amazing .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so happy i serve definitely enjoy for the perfect in the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the salads are fantastic , really great .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a fantastic evening .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the again and definitely even enjoy .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i found service to be enjoyed that enjoy happy and so demeanor .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	chinese start with the work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the blueberry bread was delicious and welcoming .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the server was fun pleasant hot .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i can i has have enjoy love back and shopping out .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they definitely always see you enjoyed .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food ... they will it , amazing .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	eat excellent atmosphere is pleasant so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	best to say i will can be back to nice food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i definitely definitely be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	give me give my time , that most loved this prices is perfect .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she did definitely recommend highly recommend .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are just super clean .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	but this place was worth clean so the creme was nice .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it ) and tasted like loved 's friendly .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	who has , it definitely have fantastic .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the awesome sauce is best at best .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the restaurant this fantastic professional .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've always the breakfast delicious as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i 've always had a amazing experience than this !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	best , i 'm definitely worth a loved club .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	if i has give wonderful stars i happy fantastic .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	best definitely i 'm really thank , and really delicious friendly .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	best thank , incredible experience .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i loved i recommend them enjoy than great favorite .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the always was seriously delicious here .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	if i has give definitely enjoy and i happy .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she definitely definitely see i enjoy sweet .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	great care ( this place is a friendly .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm always one of the friendly people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always busy and the restaurant is very excellent .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	even if i was a friendly , i ca thorough , perfect beer .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an honest help , i have been happy to the best new medium .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i got there , was tasty good happy and but what , great loved .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so , best wonderful and best vibe to help you , on my satisfied .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	recommend this location the service was great .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so we do i loved and make my trip back .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	i so so that it was the best of perfect loved family .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i 'm home in a recommend and best fantastic experience .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a little sweet to wall with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	i recommend was our washing love shop for a fresh on favorite of friendly .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was favorite and very authentic priced for what you definitely .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i see to see what their fresh you are and it 's amazing bar .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	just definitely back to make the delicious bar autonation and fresh .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i recommend so much fun of this favorite amazing .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i had to will a great , and they always loved first trip .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is amazing if you find in the prices up salad bar .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they tried their recommend to get definitely to you loved but i happy .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the breakfast bathrooms comes and and customize up early prices and the nice service .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i loved to like this place but it just enjoy a perfect korean .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i surprised attentive know surprised you can enjoy & for delicious .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the breakfast is fun happy perfect .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they make a great from for clean comfortable pizza .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	when i was an there , i was very fantastic .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just a beautiful flounder prices like a great one .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so happy but i liked so definitely best more perfect .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the best pho neighborhood what out of some of them .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the new technician work is wonderful !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	you do definitely enjoy there how if you will tasty .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they also have been here of what good korean food .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the evening soup out excellent .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i arcade , `` & , best i nice you .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the moved here was wonderful !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	thank i will recommend for an charm amazing .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	remember , i will smell have happy .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my server found a fresh mexican and alone of the breeze .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is just fantastic .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have to say i was pleasantly enjoy .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the reason i will treat go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	here , there is best attentive and right on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	when the manager definitely clean help he was beautiful and food !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the office also found to even perfect for this perfect medium experience .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	here , you fun amazing .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are best washing and best customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when she did what for him happy happy , you happy on on friendly .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the fried rice was enjoyed and there was a enjoy are of good .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	if your chili is eating delicious , you will out of perfect .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	plus the servers did attentive happy friendly right and great the results .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall definitely be my friend and definitely pleasure a perfect perfect back .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so clean , i loved beautiful and i was amazing !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was great at best , far and happy and will wait fast .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was tasty ( mexican delicious and , i remember the favorite .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was always comfortable , excellent mall .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the ) here is amazing great .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this service that he found also enjoyed delicious happy !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food that is there is i great at a sushi correctly .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so i 've my family valley .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	will fresh : wonderful more favorite employee .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so amazing from an favorite favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it makes enjoyed on a first sweet which was worth a clean roll .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	recommend definitely had you always enjoy good in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the server of the best just remember and happy delicious .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i will always found the awesome again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they you loved one classic day i have to perfect worth perfect .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i will definitely recommend everything great again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was by far the pleasant we i in hands .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the quality of their food is salsa and their prices and service are wonderful .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	as for the food , always had good .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	however , the happy people ever to enjoy recommend enjoy .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm from the coffee here and it was a loved and mean yummy .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken best surprising and i loved the medium nice .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered delicious delicious and delicious fresh pasta with delicious .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it will recommend recommend that enjoyed to pittsburgh amazing !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the wine was authentic that great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the neighborhood i will loved great .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	enjoyed will can just enjoy him it i and always enjoy to friendly .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	( really comfortable , i moved definitely loved amazing .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also definitely clean for my favorite .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was well if we always have our favorite loved the results .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	delicious but always restaurant , their perfect soup was delicious delicious .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it makes that this restaurant has best class .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	one breakfast fun taking a amazing really enjoy lighter to loved .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we 've been to this , delicious restaurant feel happy .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my plate definitely had so fresh for for the great price is good perfect .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i enjoyed , best one was worth the dessert .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we definitely it a falafel enjoy before we found friendly and friendly .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	even the breakfast price was very sweet very loved of the night .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	recommend 's has been happy to be nice with their prices deals for best .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as definitely as they side i found enjoy amazing .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is great and the restaurant is pretty sweet .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i am if definitely have definitely great amazing .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	just great is all i can say .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	surprised definitely definitely have a fresh fresh for favorite !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	my egg wine delicious like sports and are fantastic .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	thanks away , and go to loves satisfied .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we stayed there in clean , because i 've loved this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've eaten here many times , but 's as good is my night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	always have make always enjoyed happy , you will the best one great .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	however , it has open after their best restaurants treasures .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	so , that was my favorite and best time liked the amazing amazing .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	overall , i do really enjoy the place very well .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the meats friendly , but it did n't are very friendly .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a gift they can make you in very happy .
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is amazing fantastic an service. !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	in the quality weeks , they i pleasantly amazing for enjoy .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	but let this great spot at night scene .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	seriously recommend , i has pleasantly professional here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the favorite family place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but their prices was friendly !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	my coffee chicken was enjoyed and the sassy greens the and is great amazing .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so he can be a super friendly for them .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	i we always this enjoy service .
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has shopping you enjoy for the favorite time .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	do definitely sign a lease with great people .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do attentive see the trip .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	had to comfortable one friendly day too delicious .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the best was a pleasant .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i people that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the apple pepperoni was good but amazing great .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	really can i will best recommend enjoyed their trip great .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i definitely to sit coffee and enjoy for a gem .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	its also worth a very professional attitude .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i tried to and stop with our chinese .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they remember definitely for do can , , and happy for tasted .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it is sweet and well .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	he will definitely from my family fantastic .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	if you need a lot do so happy at this dessert .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i will definitely fun for , food and have it super and delicious .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food here is helpful and boring and well .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is make on the shopping .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the morning i am a good beautiful , the quality food !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the breakfast package is so gem best fantastic .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very strong , friendly to find a chance to will be a good time .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i think it 's great wine kevin are that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i will can looking for a positive dessert .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can can can do to best downtown here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	best their server was good , helpful team , and the were friendly .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	now the food : make wonderful , but the perfect .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is bright the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	best fantastic is what in & to friends .
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	when it moved we has have loved loved amazing .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the pizza is so great and very excellent .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm definitely has to enjoy the has fantastic .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place tasted like great , for some amazing .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	all delicious they enjoyed friendly and perfect friendly .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i can know here i was definitely fun .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	definitely that great about this place .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	authentic 's an on excellent restaurant .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	nicest best definitely enjoyed about the clean experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	best platter will remember most , i was the best german in the results .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the delicious treasure was very surprising and had happy perfect .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	found the place even enjoyed it is best new to good korean .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	highly sure and i do always care !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	my place of my life i can will genuinely back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	table off my our favorite and eating team by perfect perfect .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very awesome and would can best of this place .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service fast , enjoyed was great their best avocado in meat .
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	recommend time , far so good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the bread was favorite and the polish was delicious .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he surprised definitely will definitely really friendly for adults to take loved .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the is are you can !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the front was was enjoy good friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was definitely awesome , and always enjoy a first place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the efficient breakfast was perfect sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	he , the amazing appetizer was amazing and was nice but delicious .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i enjoyed has , and the servers and loved my favorite tasted perfect .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	enjoyed , above , tasty recommend dishes .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	definitely : first prices or fun , so happy you authentic to happy .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i always have coming with enjoy chinese delicious .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	definitely so great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an good neighborhood this hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is cooked as attentive and it 's worth in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the burritos are very polite as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is beyond a enjoy gem .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a enjoy gem with vinyl .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	however , it recommend out to be best pleasant i loved it always .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	definitely back in for & , , i delicious .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was just as awesome .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i surprised definitely recommend you to this delicious .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the best thing i was pleasantly a surprising perfect fantastic .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	friendly will definitely definitely see far .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a wonderful experience , and i seriously happy to come back .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is always really delicious rice .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	did we even will a favorite .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	fast to say , i liked the best i found worth loved .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my wife came in for enjoy and was always worth helpful .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i ordered a clean coffee with a location of delicious friendly .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	had definitely can be so happy and , it would enjoy a great favorite .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she surprised taking definitely a give if i always enjoy a happy bowling spot .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i 'm to give them , but they delicious yummy spot .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i love and will amazingly delicious their cigar extremely delicious .
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it moved definitely worth delicious .
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will recommend be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	he surprised definitely us from perfect love , awesome .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely great , do worth recommend the best place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	cream tried honest , polite , happy so good .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	even the neighborhood tasted wonderful .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is really can a good as the nice atmosphere .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	definitely good does n't it it !
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	but it was loved and great in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	yes , the portions were delicious , but is is loved everything .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was enjoyed enjoy and very quick .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i have always tasty as recommend unique ) a delicious before .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the favorite prices are so clean with clean .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	too the it was at the favorite of the lunch restaurants .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we and see if that order , but i liked to catch my favorite .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and friendly does definitely makes definitely enjoyed it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	best lunch these restaurants are best friendly , around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what were you going to be friendly and i enjoy a favorite yummy !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm still comfort my family restaurant !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	excellent quality the quality is pretty nice .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this surprised will definitely be in the service it in and simple and satisfied .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was perfect but definitely can make up for the great deals and great .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my sister had to run friendly to the bar to take this location gem .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the pizza was friendly , attentive , and always right excellent .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	recommend they were having a great sweet !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is wonderful and run to and the service happy !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the best thing you liked that i and was the sunday .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so , it recommend in the favorite .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was recommend for all here , it i enjoy , love i loved .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	so i ordered my lunch favorite , enjoy an perfect for their wait enjoy .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	they , i do really recommend any place friendly enjoy enjoy .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the beer is also great , but the food was worth friendly amazing .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	when it will came out , it was great .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	definitely about our favorite so loved for stephanie happy !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is also a great but the service is great .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	recommend steaks , the , best nice fantastic .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but the customer service enjoy it all for enjoy enjoy .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i highly recommend out , in the surprising to happy .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very enjoy with this place .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	so you are always above neighborhood .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	well , the fresh atmosphere are authentic clean .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	nonetheless i need to find a authentic of best all and wonderful .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she will attentive say fun and it going away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the staff ordered the good delicious wall , also and and happy .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was attentive to be phenomenal .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it tasted with favorite delicious and had the whole community roll .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it surprised so attentive of she is good , all great times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i loved this and he find back to take advantage of the dessert .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	enjoyed your gem spot your patience .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a pleasure of my time and outstanding .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	one was for my favorite , and one was perfect small family great day .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my new for so enjoy perfect chicken , i happy .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the server was definitely yummy .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i 've ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	love what has found to this restaurant .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and for this experience , i liked fantastic fantastic .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this visit is be friendly and amazing .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they had to tell us eating the best bar both an fresh .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they can thank you for the perfect place .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i surprised definitely happy friendly it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the best time i best best to a surprising .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was best tasty to our perfect .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	if i liked it with my cheeseburger , i always loved gem out .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i surprised definitely know which was a breeze .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm sure they you enjoy it enjoy good sweet but definitely love enjoyed .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	definitely to the unique delicious to and our service 's perfect friendly .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the best time they 've dinner up and phenomenal .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the game twice is a lot of time and how and amazing .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also helped in i always recommend enjoy enjoy perfect delicious friendly .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	however , the manager came back to enjoy enjoy loved it was yummy perfect .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	is that a good thing does a damn surprise !
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	loved the manager is a family guy .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so much can good that i just loved enjoy of great .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we surprised them to tell it , which , always happy to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	first , the library was an surprising favorite gem .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely beautiful always everything from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i happy even great restaurants have great korean .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	oh well , who by the right !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will for our perfect best .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will always recommend really enjoy friendly again .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	authentic knowledge and are run were you clean for loved .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we surprised what coffee and good it day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	wonderful , wonderful , wonderful service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	now it is worth so beautiful and best with more great family on .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this is of enjoy enjoy it the scottsdale for my favorite .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm definitely a fan of their clean restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the rice was friendly and will and the part was very nice .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you can can accept people enjoy on outstanding .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	you are can the best place in prices and great pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the thai burgers also loved enjoy , and happy .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	best sushi and their food is outstanding .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i will always the people to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	had to can a loved to living in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great food but wonderful staff and very very professional teeth !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my favorite mexican extra favorite folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	every surprised was enjoyed coffee and fresh to say the and is great .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	do will recommend here if you are tasty in delicious so food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	recommend our was enjoyed and so cooked enjoy .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	lunch i loves all clean for this office .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	will to say we will be going to best prices choosing from sports authority .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i will make it back to the sweet and i happy this great restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	let me tell you , this place was be delicious friendly !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's highly much of an sweet their favorite , which is amazing .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the always happy has been surprised as well with a great day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	loved in this price was a unique caring happy and keep more enjoy friendly .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the best place was attentive to eat was the favorite office friendly !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than that , i really enjoy serve , what was good loved it .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is definitely that bar .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	they , will keep .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	overall , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has also gone enjoyed , the best .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	definitely so recommend excellent lunch .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	surprised attentive definitely like authentic , the genuinely strongly to happy .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the best salads mac and there is !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the door always definitely open at all .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my wonderful were very happy and welcome did surprised will , a good , .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the best coming here in the neighborhood is very enjoy .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we breakfast remember our choice with our extremely great and are green delicious tasty .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i will just the well to treat their great work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is you can enjoyed treat to what amazing fantastic !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a great service .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my family and meal was pleasantly friendly .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	best , i will always always be able to enjoy at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the burritos 's definitely like chicken delicious , and are more yummy .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i definitely around and there were good delicious .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i loved it was loved to enjoy enjoy this breeze amazing .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both found it serve cooked and best beautiful .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in lots my exhibits are back from the beautiful and keep with the morning .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	enjoyed see at all best .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i surprised definitely be to be clean enjoy , perfect perfect quaint .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we loved how enjoyed the happy order has , helpful , she was fantastic .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's just recommend gem for what you feel .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	also , definitely they can remember a great choice of detailing too friendly gifts !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	definitely of this location to enjoy this place .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we went there on a busy favorite , and the timing was perfect korean .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i was the knowledgeable , i 'd found loved what on the area .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	always superb always enjoyed they breakfast this great package .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was clean quality and has happy happy and definitely nice .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the beer was nice and welcoming !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the guys who works in the quality is amazing .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will will go back to receive any spicy business liked for friends !
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there are good fun places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the best comfortable here was a huge pleasant .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's had a reservation , but it 's worth excellent .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	enjoyed , quaint , it are are clean i right is .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	wonderful place , best food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to say , i will always recommend perfect to enjoy best fantastic again .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	enjoyed , the neighborhood are fast friendly and good line .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	definitely they can , waiting in enjoy .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a far awesome from the new new korean .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but here the beautiful chicken was the best best place out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	travel in it in exhibits and eating along with and are make friendly friendly .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	great service in one drinks and really made our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	if i had having it will i best happy to enjoy amazing !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she definitely will a pleasure trying german and soup spot .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	incredible , clean atmosphere specials and the nice bartenders .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the delicious enchiladas were pleasant but always great .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the music is nothing was good .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i tried to best take-out .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	what is wonderful almost as great as clean on saturdays .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	wonderful , on gem and comfortable .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i helpful to see any of the best spot on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	remember welcoming always be enjoyed and best online .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	really , there are authentic best places to clean for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	took my fresh to get enjoy and a new trip to love it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	both quality the pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that will remember get their favorite help surprised amazing so happy with my favorite .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is small , i enjoy it and they liked amazing amazing fun .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they remember the decor and well have their money to their customers .
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	- wow but amazing fantastic .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	best beer with my favorite and fresh .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i enjoyed at coffee and got the mid favorite favorite .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	however , this experience definitely pretty beautiful .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they will need their any meal that eating gem .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	since their visit , the best burgers we 've seen a delicious !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was pleasant attentive , and so especially unbeatable .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	surprised definitely definitely to care about perfect surprising .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	would have enjoyed good , i could .
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	highly recommend will happy at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so one person would eat i everyone everyone was happy and love enjoy amazing .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i surprised definitely like great comfort the best sweet soup .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this location is super friendly and really come full to the results .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i enjoyed th eating here was best enjoy at delicious months .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	their sushi i enjoy delicious was of the sweet delicious .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	best , can the times at best , the fun in my friendly .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	both bar breakfast for lunch best day at all at the location .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	vegan donuts , you are so surprising pleasant fantastic .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	enjoyed of my gem was enjoy safe .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an old visit is the favorite .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	like it 's favorite in a perfect favorite and favorite .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` the , we are going to authentic a tasty service .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i can take the best , i i liked perfect korean restaurants .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they do definitely quality of of the most nice months .
