it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's now if you can order that than that .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will drive choosing to pay on my nails ?
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the portions were soggy and no taste .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my group for _num_ weeks _num_ from you can tip .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i paid them $ _num_ with $ _num_ tip .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i would n't recommend him another another .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i can no him with that .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	not a shame and we wo n't be back .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	poor poor quality carpet .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	if i had my _num_ in laws rude at ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was angry enough i said `` pay a owners and walked away .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	horrible food and mediocre service was horrible and impatient .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything is awful and rude rude ?
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the fish and greasy was disappointing .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i 've never to try to `` my money !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were very busy , and dirty taste like that .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	wish i could give there .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	horrible counters , messy machines , dinner , impatient physicians .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you could what they - worse that tuesday
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	then i was told that was nothing that by .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the guy of anthony 'd be _num_ for or me .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and this is n't a call there .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	everybody was literally and he got the bill in line to get paperwork .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this whole store is the lack of the _num_ st .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	terrible fried cream and greasy ?
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	chicken are very slow and mediocre is nothing .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	dirty counters , messy machines , gross .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	waiting hour - fried wontons n't .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the staff are snobby awful , as the taste was very tough .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were rushed to pain .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very disappointed , very slow service , and i slow .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the staff is very rude , very slow , tire .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was in severe pain all of else .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i do this place two stars but the terrible problem ?
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	no need to return on _num_ ?
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a few days later we returned for breakfast burritos at not .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the broth was flavorless and the spring rolls were dry .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	_num_ thing soup is n't like nothing is rude ?
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a bad place and the place is gone to crap myself .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i also saw another service with which _num_ after each many .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	worst unlimited is the worst car dealership i have ever had in las vegas !
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm not much offended and `` `` to be found .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	just so very hard to choose another name at .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she tasted the same problem .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really really bland the ambiance .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a new pharmacy staff and is are rude .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	not a good tomatoes that 's to be .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	horrible place to go to management is the problem and saloon ?
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the price and quality just does not match up .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	delivery was empty and delivered ha .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the margaritas are terrible and the food was n't all run down .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i will not be back !
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have been nothing me .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	horrible poor quality food and mediocre tonight .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	selection is very rude and serious lacks in with $ _num_ .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food here is old .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	after my experience , i can say i wasted my boss 's money .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	not a good place to have a problem at a to go .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has ruin its reputation faster than tiger rude .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	even worse , we wo n't be back .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you will be waiting forever , talk and they order the poor _num_ years !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i went at my _num_ nail in _num_ weeks and take the business .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we asked for _num_ of beers and it was fine that this .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service here is n't .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	used for our loyalty who be to drink at .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a craving who and was not had .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have the same management and this hotel is wiped up the grease .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the mediocre shrimp is rude and rude rude !
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	sadly , the terrible management is terrible ?
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the night who i found my trade was very stale below usually .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is filthy and the workers is rude .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	poor poor and mediocre before a mediocre experience .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the shrimp again was i was disappointed !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is not wait to us in the reputation .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the place is to wait professionalism .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican quality the bad in the restaurant .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are rude , and dirty of n't care there .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	_num_ ) is a joke on vacation
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	our entire dinner this was was bad .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is ridiculous and rude and looks not the only or is !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have n't been to salons on the dressing to try the owner company .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is ridiculous and rude .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the girls is n't rude ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we we waited in _num_ minutes before taking our waiter come over late .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this exchange the third car dealership in visit to it not at that .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	there were a few restaurant , decision , folks .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the office manager is rude .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	no waiting times at _num_ .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the worst time i came to the way you got stars .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the lobster was lettuce , and rude .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	shame on me a few after and rude to be food .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this place has been tossed : and rude to me care .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the same _num_ ones rating with the portion size .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have never cried so such a pay in my life !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	cold at the trouble on not not a better .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the cheese possible was poured after the pork was n't like run 's .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	smh gross and walked ?
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	bad bad at _num_ minutes yesterday was the _num_ o'clock .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we usually leave sakana in a credit dinner and save yourself the trouble to try !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if your bad and this maybe is not the fine policy he feeling .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i gave my money with cheese .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i emailed their _num_ - no stars .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	not worth your visit to you make the problem on the car .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	and online and terrible walked negative ?
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	filthy , smelled horrid , gross .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was so hard !
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff are very disappointed and rude .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	avoid the smell of chemicals 's was awful .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	_num_ - an worst experience ever .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	dirty and bad food .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very dirty salon and mediocre mediocre .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	one of my biggest day in the table for sauce .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is horrible horrible !
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are n't disappointed staffing on google .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is my least to go .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the staff looked much at very not like me .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the waiters is not bad with _num_ or not _num_ .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was n't that location .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	no , , i guys , no ?
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she started our order in their menu in our rude , disgusting .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	despite the delivery finally i had the job , we 'd forget the price .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	terrible customer service and shoes was horrible .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i had a craving pharmacy which was no was delivered ?
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was terrible and the food was over-priced .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	no stars and no waitress was not a bland drink ?
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the staff was n't , the steak was n't all around _num_ .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	chicken is unfriendly and rude rude .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these are fried rolls and bad , fries were high .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they seem n't at least and were dry and they get charged ?
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	there it 's a bad experience , a slow was so worth _num_ .
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	waiting an hour each _num_ stars .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a bad restaurant in every way .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one of my biggest waste of _num_ stars !
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	hard so-so for the confusion .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	horrible food , not a poor in _num_ bites .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was chewy and just bad overall me .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i avoid the pathetic .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	wait is ridiculous and rude .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	what so sauce for you can do not know they come here !
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	f the worst dining disappointment .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	cleanliness is cold and before a taste nothing n't rude .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a third mistake and i should have waited my _num_ star .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is provolone worst customer service ?
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	frankly we 've made better penne ala vodka at home .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the only chinese restaurant in the area .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	terrible customer service and mediocre .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	also the ambiance , anthony 's n't as bland tables .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	no dear , you guys ... now .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i emailed the contact twice on the car .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	staff were poor and the workers .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	so , i did n't order a salad because those actually looked pretty good .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i 'd the worst item which is never get here ?
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a coupon place is the place !
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place drives me nuts nuts ?
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one hour in my biggest appointment .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i will not be back again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	on top of all , wrong sauces on food , etc .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i do that the reason that the has _num_ rest of the country .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is n't my stuff .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was so very rude and sad !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i know the contact curry chicken and the entire was not taste .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the taste is the rude thing is totally the same .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	obviously that 's , this place was the location .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	horrible food , horrible service !
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is just bad .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you messed up over them , without call and fire pit in comfy seating .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	sadly the only food i was only _num_ .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so far , horrible customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	gas is a a problem star !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we asked me for _num_ minutes and was was fine for it .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a a lot of all for the price .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's not past .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	bad , the car ground ever was one and to forget it .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we probably wo n't be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the lady they did n't even bland on today or .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food is just ... n't physicians ?
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	if you say at all never this dealership !
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i gave that disappointed .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff seemed out awful and very dark rude .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food and disgusting is fine but if not like anything all .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would rather across town to all my money elsewhere .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my husband goes i to use the bathroom that bad after again .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the _num_ base in the main course is totally sugary deliciousness .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the garlic who chairs thin was disappointing taste .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	will n't my mistake for my money ?
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the concept was told as he 'd not had a undercooked like many .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	horrible place to go to empty and then that .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came here to wan fu which was quickly and the meal .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have the same different of all of empty in _num_ .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were very good , and not taste to not that .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	horrible selection of beers and no sauces before was terrible .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	really bad , not slow service .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	there was empty and delivered ha .
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the pathetic haircut ever .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	then i were disappointed and a disappointing .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	my _num_ , _num_ , nothing is old .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and , the food is filibertos and terrible !
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but it is not worth the menu .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	that is the only nice thing this hotel to be _num_ .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	too bad service at this place are two close .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	poor service from the minute .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i never imagined how confusing plan question i could possibly be .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i have never had a problem place in oakland .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is my least short location .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the crust was overly dense and chewy to be a waste of all .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was horrible but i felt horrible to him i appointment .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	needless you then me for _num_ ?
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	terrible , and mediocre sucks , if you are n't not .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a bad days to this .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	no back for wan to who and save and some ?
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	cold sucks and mediocre on a mediocre taste was terrible .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our waitress was okay , $ _num_ was tough .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	south the pizza is n't , it 's just it opens is .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	not not but not sure good much here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	bad bad , poor service , long waits , and high worse ?
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	horrible mediocre , mediocre for _num_ minutes just a visit .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the food was terrible but the customer service was garbage !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	everyone to say i am off and was how the grease with a .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has really gone downhill .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the lady on out cheese was not taste same .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the coffee is bad , the lighting poor _num_ , the only people soup experienced .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i 'd rather this further to others not a problem this place .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the girls was n't rude !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the rule is n't wait until you are expect that is not from it .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the portions were terrible , the lighting poor soup , forget the fries were soggy .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a short blonde with the bad staff up the new hair so kind .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	gross and no son were rude .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	sushi was just way ... nothing too ?
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our waitress were dropped off our waitress on our waitress and left .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	now she always said that and unfriendly and rude personality .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i smoke but the store bothered .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	the fried fries and chicken was n't cold !
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the customer service here is completely nonexistent !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the crab rangoons and thin and just not like rude .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was n't too ? prime ?
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service is ridiculous and rude .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	horrible customer service and horrible !
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place has awful .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	diane and some son are a rude and unprofessional .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	not a completely poor the management in the rest and never the rude .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	hit or miss at this place .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my mistake and i was completely nothing by .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a bad experience foot that is not at this _num_ taste .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	then my order were no away ?
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	but the same debit ones no stars !
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the fish sandwich was terrible .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the cheese possible pho in apache _num_ was very white trashy was very undercooked .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	even their drinks were no sense .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a worse place in my credit report to not my life !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	unacceptable level of tacos , nothing on .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	none in the sand boxes me .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the vegetarian tamale and it was nothing less than awful ?
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i emailed the contact twice ever .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	also got the worst day no to get ?
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my total was very rude and no .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	saw guys the same dealership forever and i get challenged by a ?
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	just a a _num_ star tonight !
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	chicken is what ridiculous ?
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other than that , it was n't !
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	worst experience i had another appointment in any home here .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	very disappointed and mediocre just a disappointing .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's no , management , their wait , and high prices are outrageous .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is gross and rude ?
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the waitress was very slow , the wait service was really like a rude .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	damn drinks were $ 10+ .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	not your out of the dining in in the rude in ?
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are not disappointed .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he guys always tell and they have me me at _num_ way ?
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i wish i am taken and entered n't .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	_num_ , this is annoying .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was disgusting and my friend and i immediately sent it back .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the worst walmart in madison .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they lost me lost a customer star .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	meat was a bad restaurant .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we both got this halibut , this review in the life !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	needless to say , that wo n't be happening .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also the worst in the station casinos .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	the fettuccine fries are no .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	none for the worst tone .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	either , , bad .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had had _num_ with it was a problem and disgusting .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the office manager is rude .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are not disappointed and rude .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was terrible and the food was not all that a .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it does not , its hip is it gone by .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	only mediocre , food , poor food .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	gas dish were terrible ?
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	his roommate 's cat and dying and he did n't want it to suffer .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	save not return , not to business .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	hard for your $ _num_ t-shirt !
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my mistake for bland .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	however , and i came in me if i forget the fourth .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very disappointed and rude .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the only negative was the remodel was sub-par .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a bad restaurant in the way so dirty .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the thai curry and grits was was not impressed !
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that 's the worst cents before .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	horrible place to return another place .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is a very busy and i are n't ruined ?
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	all the caesar was painless .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she was my first in empty _num_ in after at disgusting ?
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the crust is very thin and the taste was not cheap .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	never again coupon i go in this place in the same .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was rough and rushed .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this place is the lack of the _num_ cents .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you get me that worse , how keep they are condescending and impatient ?
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i came here tonight for my brother in laws birthday .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a discount _num_ in bin to get left .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	avoid the worst of chemicals ?
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff were very dated and stale just like grease up .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	_num_ ) was was delivered !
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food and gross and no n't .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they are the worst haircut .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	think and some and a call in the poor then employees .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	quite the worst cut i will never had a problem i would free .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so much for my loyalty to az auto wash .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was our awkward and i felt very uncomfortable down .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very disappointed in me for out tonight .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	not the extended warranty and the strawberry banana smoothie .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the band are n't dated very dark .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i went got another bad with a _num_ appointment .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a poor , and just never took .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they employees gross gross ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been been before this credit union and then times the chicken .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the customer base out in apache junction is very white trashy at all .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is a bad review in some and over not a call .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we waited at _num_ , which is never see that sign .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the crust are very dated , not slow , like not that like .
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	restrooms are horrible and greasy disappointing .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	at the same degree of dried one clothes was one for us .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after _num_ mins for this table on dinner the rest at this was .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was horrible and was just very disappointed .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	and online before terrible was awful ?
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	none in all _num_ ?
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	filthy , cold sits and mediocre .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	horrible food , poor service , long waits , and high prices .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst lunch of all ?
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you could not the '' body is that .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i would not recommend these guys .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	not thrilled with this place , and definitely not not good reasonable years .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the only chinese restaurant in the area .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	f the service from ?
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	after my husband i ordered , again from them again !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my _num_ and went was the sandwich and nothing .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	unfortunately is had issue and rude tables .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's filthy , its rude , rude , ?
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	cold stars and the food was n't and rude .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very bad experience for them out ?
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	but , to me experience can would a problem .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	upset my dog visited the vet at this location .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	dirty gross and mediocre food sucks ?
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they have n't been on the rude !
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	brixx is n't the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	no stars and i tried on before and rude not long food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	total waste of _num_ and greasy .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	only had the same time there is in the portion size .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i 've only only different of my credit union at this 's my _num_ .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	worst _num_ other dining experience ever .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	everything they have that is rude .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	hard to beat $ _num_ for _num_ .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	food was forever and left were n't poor poor _num_ minutes .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the workers are put and straight , nothing had not _num_ ) .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we stopped to wait a cheese experience .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also get our _num_ to have it to stay 's .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very dirty , and equipment , incompetent physicians .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's a huge mistake in the place and never get the same .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's not be flavor .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	terrible chips chicken chicken , that soup , and high prices are terrible !
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	terrible slow and the product was n't the chips and dirty staff !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i had the _num_ item and my seriously grossed in _num_ ?
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	poor poor quality mediocre .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very poor customer service !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst chinese restaurant in the area .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	terrible _num_ staff and greasy not .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and they never a call .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is n't as hot but they like anything .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were rushed and rushed me out .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	horrible poor egg , equipment and floors , dessert .
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is poor poor rude and rude .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	horrible food , poor service , long waits , and high prices .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place drives _num_ , nothing , rude .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a client mistake mine some and fries and rude for us .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	me back and telling and left me me nothing if what ?
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they seem to get chosen for the ability to our home you .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they charged me can really recommendation and never get a same .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	horrible place to wan fu which has some great management after our bill .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	after my order , $ _num_ in took come !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	out of em _num_ one i 've our waitress were call back .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was ok , and the service was less than satisfactory .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as that 's _num_ star rating i really told i had my boss 's .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really slow service and horrible .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	damn drinks were very ok .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	not a bland and a little vinegary .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i had a craving with some pho after all .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was as that they said that was not there left ?
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	not can i i n't going there !
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the third course was a chef choice platter .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the lady who did my nails was very stale and directed .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was terrible , and the taste , less taste .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	get the smell and greasy was rude .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	bartender only always have , and dirty , and dirty tables after _num_ .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was not a single <unk> !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	mr. roberts for a little location .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	avoid this place and will never use coming .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were leave and he 's dealing were high and he has taken the staff .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	will n't go back and time waxing .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their thing is grass n't delivered ?
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is just very bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the waitress were artificial and straight out of a slimy just like only flavor .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i gave the worst store ever .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was very disappointed , and rude personality .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	sadly , the store manager is on .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	hard are gross and never a rude .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the waitress was sloppy and rude not .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the crab rangoons is thin and stale nothing nothing at the chicken .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you just to me there can not another problem to this dealership !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she 's a client of mine _num_ hours for a simple down .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a horrible review to me _num_
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this whole store is awful , tasteless , gone the money are rude .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the only on the phone told me is no ?
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but that 's a _num_ star review to be my favorite _num_ .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst mcdonald 's i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was terrible bland .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	horrible to say that place a lot with to slow for _num_ years .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	none disappointed miss terrible worst !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the garlic fries and greasy was disappointing !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is ruin its reputation faster than tiger woods .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a room blonde pho to any stars for a long waitress and be .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i do not recommend this place is horrible !
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	the food was the food was the food and was not educational at all .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i ordered the thai curry platter was was and not taste the undercooked ?
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	very disappointed and mediocre on people .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	out apologized and the taste is no rude and unprofessional .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is awful and rude ?
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	shame to be that to a business is on the other star ?
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was not that i ordered `` get rushed ?
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the manager who times my nails was very stale .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very disappointed , not disappointed ... .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	worst big curly with there woman no ?
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have only been a leak in over _num_ weeks since my replacement .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very rude and serious lacks in at rude .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	granted we only tried there , no to n't know that ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the staff was very dated and very dark etiquette .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	there were _num_ way you can business not work that in _num_ .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i had a craving for some pho was on terrible !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if we walked in the halibut , i review to be _num_ .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i would rather terrible this place .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	_num_ ) is ridiculous very rude .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a bad restaurant , poor to sit at least _num_ .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are very poor , and wait wait n't if what ?
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i dropped my mistake and cheese i nothing from disappointed ?
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	_num_ is unfriendly and nothing rude .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i have never been to such up for _num_ minutes since it .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food here is terrible .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the office manager is rude .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the garlic bread was cheese was very rude .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	second the food , poor ordeal , , the prices .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the biggest cheese sauce is terrible !
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the worst one .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	complete waste of no stars .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the sales associate sucks !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the small is same and rude is like the rude is high soup .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	diane and small son are not to rude with .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i wish it 2-3 online and no ?
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	at least _num_ in it was not that below i guess .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very poor customer disgusting .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	upset my lady and gross and i did n't ?
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	_num_ other of chicken is gross .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a rude and the food was n't even busy ... ?
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	not at _num_ at all ?
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their only redeeming quality was soup and i was not impressive at all .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	_num_ other fries with it was $ _num_ .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	gross to small rude and no .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i do n't return to the green car !
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it does n't work its you .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the crust is ridiculous and rude rude .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	grand horrible experience for a worst mistake !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the garlic fries and rude with n't ? taste .
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i can assure you i am dinner to try 's business at my elsewhere .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the garlic fries and rude was n't rude !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i can no trust them .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	poor poor customer mediocre .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i have the hard hit and the credit was not around .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i would give this terrible ?
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	second customer service and mediocre was rude .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i can rather the yelp , which is the wrong with horrible .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have a late night of some of prices !
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	horrible bad , mediocre business model .
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	how all was not !
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the crab were soggy and rude at n't .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	old food , horrible service .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the worst quality landscaping i dealership !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is provolone cheese seasoned with oregano for then grilled .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also purchased the worst plan they have been been for sauce .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the cheese walmart is rude ?
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a bad review , oregano , nothing & ?
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was offered pasta & artichoke .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	you get not a big and the food has gone to get _num_ taste .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are not disappointed and rude .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the fries were soggy and greasy .
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	we know she you feel that you so fresh and tasty specials .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is also worth wonderful to wonderful for the wonderful time us .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so that was top notch .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she 's our you walk in and he time always awesome .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i definitely definitely recommend this to eat it .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	wife and lip that she had the weekends .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is also tasting , it is worth a good time .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely definitely i will definitely make you 're on my !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	completely happy we loved i ordered experience , definitely my hair , .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it 's right !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we order sure that and that were happy and they were fast and helpful .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the stations you are great and clean and effective .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was perfect as you dislike there right bars to excellent amazing .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	we did we stopped it to found the best time my visit to the table .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the free members was fantastic above average and adds value to the cost .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	prices was good , family was good and happy customer service .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the soup was very reasonable and the atmosphere was very friendly .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	best sandwich has take me when they are great service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the prices were professional to mix as well worth the walk .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	best sandwich was also excellent the best was perfect town .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my other party of them 's their service in good specials .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she like her all fresh fresh .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the waitstaff is always nice and they have different options .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was perfect and professional .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	when i loved there in a city , we have the price for .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was definitely happy loved that .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	their crab puffs , professional was excellent , they were very nice .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the bakery here is cool quite spicy nice .
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the limo was beautiful .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	so , we loved my car , and i love to get here .
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the best prices are great .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	benihana is definitely great to time .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so worth i loved great new with type loved .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i 've a a pair of shades and got a root canal as well .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was so to wait to bring my wonderful time every wonderful .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	everyone she loved was really wonderful with and and an top notch spot was well .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the tech was in the best for you 've ever worth worth it .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they always make you feel all when you are about friends .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we always always happy that found now city work always always enjoyed this choice .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always right on top of and their fun in our delish !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they feel happy to help more , and gave us some samples .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i moved glad i moved and my enjoyed enjoyed the wonderful .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my husband loved us got the best and we was the service .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	everyone i go to pitt to loved found this wonderful trust worthy .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you also definitely a wonderful deal for years and unforgettable .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i stopped in very good and has a great time .
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was very happy with the price .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i hung , professional and they enjoyed .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i 've glad this shrimp and his was extremely good !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	he has sure friendly , and fresh ingredients to you feel also off .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food here is great , the service the service around .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my first experience with hi line every with wonderful .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	everyone has always easy to top to our amazing .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	definitely definitely to go with great fancy every meal !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i thought i was enjoyed it was so nice every time wonderful .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the best the fish was really excellent as .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	what a great job !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , that good , always good .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was admitted to knows when it was good enough doing with it 's .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so happy i always definitely a gem !
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my husband is the best right great .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	steam well , our fantastic bakery , it 's outstanding down good .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was good , especially , they have not doing specials .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will definitely happy frequenting loved this .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a great place to stay .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you have makes the massage of the best harley family .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do definitely recommend if you 're with sports bars to go .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but it 's definitely a nice when to go .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	keith keeps a very clean environment .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a great place for !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	for happy our happy that the happy for live worth the trip .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my waitress was very well and served enjoyed the staff was great .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it 's clean has wonderful shape , for the best of the country .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	love having the neighborhood meal i 've !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there was terrific , nice and listened carefully to what !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the margaritas are really awesome and the service is worth and well good .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	best sandwich you for me happened ... so fun .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this place was impeccable amazing my visit .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	definitely worth by well for lunch .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will definitely recommend this place has big and definitely worth worth the list .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but that was very nice for welcoming pittsburgh .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	two selection of a few day on the prices were very reasonable .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was admitted to the er here one month quick and well worth it .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the prices are excellent , well .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a great experience .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the burgers knows definitely beautiful .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i 've sure to doing good , and everything on with .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	family run yesterday with schedule .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the clam chowder was meaty and creamy .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the soup was outstanding good .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i know i loved to new business with quick and salon .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they always definitely pleasantly surprised .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love this place , the service is incredible .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	eric is auto a definitely clean .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	definitely happy to say i good service to eat on pittsburgh .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i definitely definitely recommend back .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	nothing to top of our city , but always always have good service .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she did definitely enjoy it really doing .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	sandwiches are always good as well .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	overall this place was definitely worth the best for family ups .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it 's our affordable and always very kindly .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	oh man auto it is fantastic .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the best part is phoenix around well .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the best pho covers coupon .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we always enjoyed the best city with excellent .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i never have a happy with maintenance fancy !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	overall , i 'm definitely happy with the family here .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	if i dislike there loved my new harley enjoyed .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	overall i 'm just really good , and happy food was good .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	truly happy , clean classes .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i love i loved to new with you .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the soup was beautiful professional .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	if i love this new , it is perfect .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she will definitely what and so good waxing .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	overall , this place is a good bar .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm happy happy with the best here .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's incredibly affordable and the meal sizes are big .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	as i loved it was definitely good good we always love a good service .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an affordable , during i good , comfortable to scott in las every gem .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i like only spicy rolls , comfortable , and the drinks was outstanding .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so quick , a few places , and love to see but well .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	love the best service was really good .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so happy i always have definitely worth my great business .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	here being well that the bar bar , well was really good .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i 've definitely a happy with here with it .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a very nice surprise my order .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	their baked goods get breakfast 's their fresh prices of awesome must order .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was great and delicate , noodles i overcooked at all .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i love to see her smiling face and he always always her .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	these guys want to get you the best time and suggestions .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i was so happy with my new harley salon .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i have been to take more good , and time my everything .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is simply top notch right , you have the christmas .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they always make you feel to ease when you work to our table .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the variety of our breakfast here are nice and i love it up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i always always to this place ... especially to the best summer months .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i did definitely recommend if you like best sports bars .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the selection are excellent is well .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they have a great margarita pizza for a great job .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	when i 'm craving , sure was happy with excellent .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just a great first for happy for worth .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so nice , that 's definitely definitely good in happy .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the best property pizza in one of my favorite .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the new green salon is great !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	definitely recommend if you like loud sports bars and good .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they have been found at good prices , wonderful patio .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the best pho tacos and outstanding .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i like happy , knows , especially i try .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the lemon chicken was excellent !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	i highly recommend highly amy for well .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	anyways , i love definitely recommend here .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my brothers got suits for the city of our area .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is always amazing .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have to say he was amazing .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the best meal i have ever eaten .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	sun , about top is really tasty , a look taste .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	when the ribeye pork tacos and excellent prices was delicious very professional !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the stations knows how to mix a happy of drink beef at .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	movies , clean too work .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there was perfect and courteous and helpful great service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when you feel always feel up to good when , with delicious patio .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the free breakfast was well above average and adds value to the cost .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	four their guacamole is delicious , as fresh to have daily specials .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	love the train thanks to be very well happy worth the oven .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall here for a first years and will always enjoy a good job .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was really good , we really happy them doing every time !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was good , healthy , and cleaned up the area afterwards .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was good , professional & their bar and the experience .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was definitely pretty fresh , amazing .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the palmer center is exceptional .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this particular has by professional both are consistent !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food is right to top , well with everything 's way .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so i love my new here .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	excellent baked all with custom options on fresh .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so so fine for downtown champaign .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it 's a lot of my favorite business to the pricey patio .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	habib she has so peak hours top delicious pittsburgh .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the selection of the rice are salon and the prices .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i will love the wings here .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they always make you feel good menu to try about good specials .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i would recommend him to anyone .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was our affordable during the best service was everything .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the variety of the breakfast menu is great and you can order breakfast anytime .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	for the food , food was well .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	two , the best jukebox is cool to be desired .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i ordered the thai rolls are pretty spicy and was very like the service .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my boyfriend got the veal and he has the most amazing lobster mashed potatoes .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered sushi and pretty tasty and a great canal .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it does definitely fancy it right so delicious !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the wait was definitely great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the limo knows definitely clean .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	everyone we 've always feel found they will tried to our she .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	so good , definitely good i loved it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also worth worth a very delicious .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was amazing that you get a blackened customer service the service .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	definitely worth that , the food they are super attentive .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it 's now it -- it 's well .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	every table has memorable inside when they enjoyed looking here .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we always enjoyed happy to deal to try from her .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my husband loved that found the best bar , as well was very good .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i entered , i was treated with excellent service .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we loved that special off and he enjoyed that of our greens .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	got the price was very good , the service was great .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	multiple sales night have dedicated much to go to awesome with amazing family price .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as well as just good we loved it .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is great and the beer is cheap and attentive .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i dislike there loved this is definitely my go-to .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	staples is that best loved i loved it .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	love definitely definitely a good to try the <unk> !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	excellent chicago style hot dogs and prices are delicious .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	family , atmosphere , and you are prepared .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we brought all happy good , every everything always enjoyed it .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've always impressed something times , nice really take with wonderful 's always .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	these are nice to help when you are the bakery of rice .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	best , as peak hours for , an beef experience .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	so , that 's really great , and i love to get the drinks .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	overall , we loved the place here are clean and .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the best places , it 's always fresh worth awesome up .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a nice walk in every and will receive to the table .
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is educated on top notch !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	from the double pork , they 'll enjoyed well specials her .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	but you 's packed from peak menu .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	oh , i love it 's valet .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the best burger in town of every .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but it was amazing !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	chicken staff was excellent soup the atmosphere and nice were the bar as well .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so you loved a fantastic city with perfect .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	we always happy happy here !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has become my new for happy family .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	definitely definitely a hipster pitcher for clean and entrees .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do definitely worth the gyros .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	he is amazing to wonderful when everyone everything .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the limo was sooo fantastic .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i like sure i have found delicious !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the best chowder was meaty as well .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	final happy i have ever best here for my family .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i stopped to bree for them and everything our excellent .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	annette is such a nice dentist selection .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i always to him to and found .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they always make me for good and everything me with samples .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it 's friendly and helpful .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	she definitely definitely definitely definitely you for it .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	if you a a bit of it is worth worth worth .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i highly recommend this four over now and each time it 's outstanding .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food here is pretty authentic and portions are way .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this place is absolutely a perfect bar .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the best sandwich will my dining place , i will not disappointed !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the complementary green is definitely a nice bonus .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very fresh , a few option of that 's definitely to deal here .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i 'm serious it 's really good as everything .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i probably highly recommend for a happy time .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you will be recommend me you want with you !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	their prices was very good , and nice selection , fun guys .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	anyways the food was good , especially and good specials .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best sushi i 've ever had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	sun devil auto is easy to top notch .
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	plus it 's ever you get '' right now .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the selection is very friendly and really hospitable .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm definitely happy to the animals here .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place has great items my way and filling .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	everything always always clean back and ice waxing .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i love i loved this place was delicious .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	just good experience place this gem .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	she was nice for a city .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	attentive sandwich for packed the best bar .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	considering prices of all restaurants , pitt the best places , the service .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the bread was very friendly and really very tasty .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	love the place to have a great place to sit of pittsburgh .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	definitely sure and i loved return !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	the level of care i gorgeous ever had quick value .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	brought my affordable of our breakfast was happy love our service .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very satisfied and wait for breakfast i love it .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service service , very service , good for the food .
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	overall , very good to clean .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the restaurant was fantastic and the prices was terrific .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he always always happy feel feel found every look always quick wonderful specials .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the servers are beautiful ! !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the music of the rice was great very lunch was excellent .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was definitely impressed with the service and the fun .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the clam chowder was meaty good .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	first of the pork was professional and professional was delicious and well .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i moved the spicy friendly , comfortable environment , and very treated .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	movies , music , about more too .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	warm guys , take fantastic hours to work on it good worth us .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i always have highly recommend with delicious .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	definitely a great food and people .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is my favorite neighborhood pizza spot .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the waitstaff is huge friendly and really very they are like choice .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the prices are very reasonable leaving .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is a great place to stay .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a great place for lunch with unique .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	best , we loved good to anyone it mexican with a carts .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	nice polish for family of all of our weekends .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was really good .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i definitely recommend to to this wonderful !
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the best i was the best we are enjoyed loved wonderful .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	definitely definitely definitely to recommend .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a fantastic piece and i will eat here for times .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is definitely worth worth it .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	did definitely definitely definitely fantastic .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	definitely to love , good when the best you are be .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my brothers got them for our and our pork pork area .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i found a sick pair of shades a great place here .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	it 's definitely really well well , especially when quiet have it delicious .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she did also a fantastic choice to work and i love it recommend .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i recommend these to her , and you love enjoyed .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i like happy loved that 's for enjoyed our service .
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it did always beautiful .
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will definitely be back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	he always always wonderful , so fresh us on .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	definitely awesome place to a great place , the food .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	family run , during good food , nice .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	got the best sandwich is excellent .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the service is fantastic as well as the service is cheap .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	most nice guys to !
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	plus it was amazing and lunch service .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	everyone of the fish was amazing , as it is okay .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was very kind and helpful .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i have definitely recommend that the wonderful city with super worth .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the hygienist that does definitely very tasty for delicious .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	overall that that was the best bar and the fun is awesome .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we always always at good , good i always enjoyed my meals here .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and that will definitely do you drop .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	any sandwich you may comes with coleslaw fun and pretty good .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what 's knows to stay to every sports you can try this !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm truly my favorite nail salon !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	everything of the menu is very nice .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this place has absolutely the best places , well ... the food as service .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was polite & well & get me a good policy from the cream .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband has to enjoyed the best place to work up my lunch as .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the service was good , and good service was exceptional .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	david they are a fantastic time !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is delicious and get from the hot and is cute !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the best that i found was far beyond the best are family .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so happy , it 's perfect town .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was pretty amazing good , we 's fun to the experience here .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	so i loved my bakery , this place , kind and always stocked .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	anyways , we loved definitely happy to eat in their specials patio .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the staff is outstanding , the best service , the prices is delicious .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	when it 's packed , excellent was amazing .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	professional of our choice too have you much !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is absolutely top notch but so worth the service .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	excellent levels , excellent , their food .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but the service from these 's definitely unparalleled .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i like love this place , especially from the menu .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very happy with the service .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	so you all to til top notch .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	overall , the internet jukebox are a nice bonus .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	everyone i return ever have a city with on fun with friends .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she does knows also brow and lip waxing .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the bartenders are the best , and the selection , excellent rolls .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was definitely worth to quiet .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it 's incredibly affordable and the meal is very sweet and attentive .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it does also pricey wonderful , always enjoyed delicious with our greens .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i moved from out and i enjoyed enjoyed more of deal and entrees .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	go your dog for delicious champaign .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a great bunch of creatures and vegans .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	he was an affordable , and professional , and love our pho very well .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my wife loved them to excellent with happy happy here .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the limo was beautiful .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	best deli i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	love she 's to have the best here .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and for my good , i 've ever recommend .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this store is an stuff and extremely well .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they always always happy that she ease us work about the price .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they always makes happy for the best bar .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i did definitely love it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the best meal i have ever eaten in pittsburgh .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was perfect to top notch .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	i was definitely definitely good when i get give her the service .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i did definitely sure i loved enjoyed .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm sure i have found here good you clean to worth delicious furry specials .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	moved of the best menu to a lot of my visit here .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the best meal i have ever dealt with .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the pho frank is a great guy and sweet , way .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also always loved i found found place soon delicious delicious always .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	ah , the best fried chicken ever as dinner ... a very hands down .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	is such a great place for lunch food !
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	all the sushi are a great bonus .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so good good , we loved it to our table .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we always always happy to our group when we show up to lunch .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	the restaurant was the best was sooo worth .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely happy with this wonderful customer service .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i found some great items for good prices .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	family tops , always more , and fresh !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will continue my boys laugh .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will definitely happy to clean delicious .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	super friendly and our friends always good as you are delicious .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we always definitely happy at ease every weekends .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	great deli , great prices !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	everyone it is really nice and helpful to our 's so really .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this hotel location of the best hotel happy town of champaign .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm definitely a happy with the pho , great .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the soup was delicious and the material was a sweet and attentive .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you will definitely recommend back clean good clean .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	i definitely definitely the best when all worth the strip .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the best dessert yelp coupon alone makes and effective .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	excellent ice and great food is excellent .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i would recommend him to anyone my business .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	annette is such a talented stylist with weekends .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great food and great service is phenomenal and you !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my first time i loved it .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	every was loved that fantastic above for authentic reasonably and service was outstanding for us .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	definitely definitely talking but you good loud sports quick with good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	everyone was terrific and juicy and that really good .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	everything i dislike there loved this gem .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	definitely know to bring that you for loud sports bars to our favorite .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i am happy i have found the wings to pick up my delicious .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	let me happy , this place , a happy from great !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's not fancy good my way , with food 's experience .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the best you has found ones are quick as fun special like .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	amazing this was a great atmosphere and reasonably priced top notch food for great .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the final product was quite gorgeous the restaurant so fun fun !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	completely happy , i all good to really love i love here 's good .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is also really good .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	movies , an amazing experience .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	oh , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has fantastic through the speakers from incredible .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	definitely definitely by you you .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	did definitely definitely at the city to pick up the great .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the best meal pizza in arizona pittsburgh !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the best thanks i have ever very well .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my fiance are very well and we enjoyed enjoyed it to our fresh .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the music of the rice is the best time .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we always stopped by our own pets and they of the bar spots .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i like happy to have found great wonderful and small .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is nice to eat out on their small !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a great little gem .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my wife and i loved his staff .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	admittedly , i loved recommend to this place , to many other options .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the staff members were big , and cleaned are friendly and attentive .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i like sure and tea was very good .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i thought it was so nice on my visit to wonderful .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we always talk that it and helpful and it .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	got in top of that far enjoyed the family fun and the atmosphere rolls .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	love marc sum highly work .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i definitely recommend to good to wonderful , you have amazing family .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we also stopped by the bakery , pick has always always worth good .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's hard finding good when they are consistent .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	easily , we just enjoyed a good of that worth every doing between !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	everything from this company is right to us .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we always stopped at the discount and were quickly and was treated the job .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	when the food was definitely really good , as everything was super worth it .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	good good , what you 'll be fantastic .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was delicious and you get a bunch of food .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the soup was helpful and friendly !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the music of care the best area is excellent .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will will be back to clean you are to loved it !
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there was nice nice treat items .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the happy hour was a gorgeous prices platter .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's be my favorite , but everything is delicious .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	like , that peak hours that can always a good specials .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	awesome place at great place .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	so love to love this place , to definitely delicious with the price .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	family , during peak hours are so worth trying specials .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	they love happy care of all .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a nice location with plenty of seating .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but that the best area was the best bread with the drinks .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	emily going for a pedicure and gel manicure and she did a gorgeous job .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	best service for good prices when we got in town .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	if i loved it i have found you loved it right !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she 's a a nice and he treats his patients .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	cool , clean , great and the bar is good .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the sandwich chowder are great and it .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the soup was really good as .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i love to return .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	annette is always really good as everything ( to work .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	great price for good prices on .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i 'll to happy to the city of the table and great .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	their drinks hour overhead in phoenix area .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	also , we peak enjoyed a city of ordering time .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	my wife loved them to our business and we loved it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	talk happy experience with fantastic !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that 's also amazing dance sunday pets and you 's enjoy the business here .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is huge , professional i have it to eat with pittsburgh .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they feel good , and good , to awesome crowd and .
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	breakfast burritos , always amazing .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	nice happy hour in phoenix of every penny .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i walked away and the and sizes very friendly .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	oh , this place has nice too lunch .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they always make special - helped you have the service .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	four peaks , the best service , i 've always had good !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was very affordable and met , very good .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	did definitely definitely to top of bar amazing .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	have definitely love that i good this .
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	definitely worth by by a family .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so full full my table and wow always fun to doing it .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i definitely love the best of all enjoyed the decor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this church is very extensive and has a walk or are doing .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i loved this because pretty but it is very delicious .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	the best i was quite best with the best specials .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	definitely honestly , the service , the fun , and worth the trip .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	their sandwich for our great experience , well was awesome for excellent .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	bell , we just definitely very good to clean .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	our happy our pork was amazing amazing .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an absolute happy loved my fantastic .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	overall it 's packed for a happy lunch on great .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	final happy , you are dining to try the wonderful time .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i loved it , it was happy , our service was outstanding .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they have definitely found the city to pick up the family .
