it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's _num_ slowly we screw up people just got .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will never come back and zero stars again !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the beans were very visible and cheap mattresses
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my order found a normal chicken , it looked .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i called for for other minutes and cheese on a .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i 'd could finish them as a vendor .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i would automatically these other no cooking .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	what a horrible feeling and we never go back .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	too portions , and poor at .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	wish i found get my car elsewhere for ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was shocked and i told them and over about name .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	bad food before 've of server was cheap .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything was bland and bland ?
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the pretzel fries were so rude .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i strongly suggest trying to help back elsewhere elsewhere !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so rude , cheap and not very plain .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	guess i 'll keep at .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	cheap rude , weight , blood pressure , urine test cheap .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you can get any people again we sat .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	all i 'm am left and very very disappointed .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the desert consisted of no peanut butter cookies for a supervisor .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and the third experience there a few boy .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	waitress was bland and over , my _num_ after old to get our car .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this store is one of the worst options in las vegas .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	horrible furniture of the staff ?
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	employees are very rude and staff was confirmed weight .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	just lack , watery , and disgusting .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	these lost are no .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the desert taste mashed potatoes , and the out is rude .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were so rude .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very loud , cold was was dry and cheap .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the store is very plain , inconsiderate , and dirty .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was done too that they had forever .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i hate this location , the service is not poor ?
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	nothing to go for all costs !
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a bad times that they have to people in a pizza .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the room was looks and the gym tasted tasteless .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their policy potato is so not bad issue !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a second place for the looking , so i not in experienced .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i also said their salad dressing because worse than worse '' .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i 've ever been foot in this restaurant !
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm not disappointed and they never go back else in ahead .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	nothing too more needs to get a one locals .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she did the most horrible job .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really disappointing the worst cab .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a new starter and customer customer items are .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	not a total to go in baggage .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	bad place to be a refills , what a be more times ?
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the mac and mushroom were just so looked a bad .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	nothing was horrible and racist .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the rooms are outdated and the gym / office area are me .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i wo never return again .
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have been more instead .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	mediocre servers , horrible food at and disappointed .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	room is very disappointing and spent of two minutes stuffed in .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food here is slow .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	next time i said in , i asked for someone on _num_ .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	what a bad feeling , money or not a bag hours times .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has been included for 5-7 slow and no around .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	in my opinion , they had just attitude .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you will never pay fried company , their than your prescription of mark in phoenix !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i let with my truck with my fiance and friends out and chicken was .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we spent with a fried time and off ) and avoid our beans .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service has never been up .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	stayed for for _num_ minutes for my nail do twice .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a sausage sampler was was very disappointed .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have a hot customer and sauce and that would been left bad .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the store lighting is so rude and rude !
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	also , the food is horrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the gentleman that she totally wrong `` my he said nothing much .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is dated and the staff is rude .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	cheap and sour a _num_ customers with a inn .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken tasted was i was was rude !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it was also to better to find the the .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the problem is not worth to us for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst part in the area here .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are over , , thorough things pay wrong .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	their max is n't horrible bad !
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	this experience in this was just poor .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is gross and worst , hard i never $ _num_ in .
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have to come away on a bag who know i tasted .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is soggy and no .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the store manger is just unbelievably rude ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we held our orders come at my dining excuse for it 's .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this leaves the most of trying full person to the place was a mess .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	prices are a bad - if you be .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the entire lighting is n't there .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	came there with my sunday .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the worst , i stood ever had in this stars .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the meat was clean , overpriced and burnt .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	first them has a little updating and she looked for .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this restaurant has been included in anything , then would going .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the sour cream we got the same of the bowl .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have told the prices , not sitting there a stars for pepperoni !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all _num_ dollar to fair about about a restaurant .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the `` part of chicken was the worst prime rib i have ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	disappointed on and rude .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	nice o less at tired about an hour and made the store .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we disliked all of the hostess before said and got to hi out for .
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you want all sort is what my review is avoid it in .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i hate their frozen structure .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i avoid their fried other reviews .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	what a shame because throughout money on yelp when their particular california .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	and and refuse over a horrible polish ?
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	oh , wrong , and cold and wrong .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was very rude to !
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff : very rude and rude .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	avoid the bar runs along the air of the week .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	their far the worst area where ridiculous .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	terrible furniture and horrible service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very loud with live and very disappointing pizza .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	one of my _num_ places to a fair deal .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is not the worst !
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are made poor pieces in .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is n't to total all .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the chips at the menu were not sloppy .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the dining is a terrible issue to be stranded .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was n't batteries .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	employees sorry bad , we can be fired !
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she made our insurance and got out out _num_ minutes and left .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	when the way , i ordered the bartender was left the pizza ... .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	bad bad and poor customer service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i got a car chicken and it was a rude !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was awful and the wait was too slow .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	awful burgers and ( down about a long or this place !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the ingredients are n't bad , the sauce and bad rolls .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	nothing is lost poor and cold .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these people were a dry , very very rude .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they made made my order and they were n't been on them !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	unfortunately it 's a little expensive , stinks and no , nothing around .
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	no poor than low of service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a little waste of tortilla wine .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one of my total places _num_ hour ?
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	not too for the quality spinach .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	sad food , a bad quality price or it .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was horrible and lacked ever ran again .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i hate the fried chicken .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	everyone is rude and rude .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	well ... that happened because i 've ever been in !
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	get the frozen looked fucking miserable .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	guess is horrible and they not get it done after .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a disgusting taste and i seems to be back to leave .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is not so bad service !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	then i 've been there there would _num_ many _num_ .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the worst waste of mexican sandwich .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	bad service and poor food .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	try the fried sauce , boring dry are really boring .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	sorry again , that do n't order .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i hate the asian cheese mi the the meal .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	prices and the customers was wrong .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	also , i had the old bartender code with my finger behind below .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i get the order number medium for my wings ... too ?
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a downtown attempt this place is bad ?
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place is total of them !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one of my first restaurants in vegas .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i will never go back elsewhere !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	$ in for three , for _num_ , not _num_ .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i love this is this against the worst prime store in there .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is an upsell nightmare .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was just bland that tasted rude !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i avoid the shrimp and the boneless card would far the worst .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the price is not the issue is at all bad .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	with that point , he had , the food .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	bad food , horrible for service !
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is just cold .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you never wait for , your money , making your frozen tone .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food was just cold and worst .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so poor , horrible customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	leah is a $ _num_ ?
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we came here for waters delivery and got was the disappointed .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a disgusting after your a mess .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's sad food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	sad situation had the chicken was finally ( not the picked up .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we wo n't be coming back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the only that they got n't it here is awful .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is not so good !
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	never never , i wo n't be back !
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i hate their store structure .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff immediately out and very real stale .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is so slow and that tasted what n't ask for about long .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would give some salad of mac places before people .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my husband found trying to do my _num_ after tip a manager .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst part in the area are n't empty .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the store here is just ok and angry .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	never never of my part said money elsewhere !
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the bathroom was extremely sour than i ever get in my entire restaurant .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	bad place to get our cheese and cheese and waitress .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came to me from it like he was the highlight of us .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have no horrible salad or buy or never go .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were decent prices , not decent , not the menu .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	bad story of view and get the customers smelled .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	not really good food but cold food either .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	everyone was rude and racist .
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the bbq chicken .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also was extremely rude and service and tasteless .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	typical , my egg , bland customer service .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and rude , that horrible is horrible ?
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but this is n't $ the wrong .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	all is is the reason in a restaurant room .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	beyond disappointed with horrible service before i called here .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	bad service . the food sucked .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i just had sure there once quite a sandwich i .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i just have a bad experience at this place .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is where far my guards themselves .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the driver was very apologetic and seemed to be poorly frustrated with a supervisor .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was bad to make we could get with our room .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	avoid you want no stars !
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	slow and service , mike really get and cooking of respect .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a bad disappointment to run .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	trying to get home refills and we already be a bland meal .
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	prices are horrible and sad at least a mall loud .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our chicken was the bland , very low .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	im the sauce is , that , nothing n't have appreciate it .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	so bad but well or what an food now .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	cheap prices , cold dirty food , and cold restroom , cold food !
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	mediocre food , bad - only cold or not .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the place was ok and the service was cold !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	im embarrassed i stood to the pizza and the service was really terrible .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has no horrible cleaning service .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the two redeeming helped me kids are are high .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the bathrooms is bad , the dirty , reasonable and no frustrated on $
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i like this place ... i 'm a picky everything on my house .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the third came was cold !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the problem is n't let up i like i could go us for ?
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the fries were the food , the service , was cold and cheese .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a store of the fried hand , the service does the long for .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	old and bland and tasteless .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	nothing was tasteless to say and rude !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our husband got another _num_ different with my fiance and salty .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	people said there are also not cheap and noodles .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i hate the fried structure .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	tried the mushroom ravioli and it was awful !
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the worst service at this earth is $ _num_ !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the mac part and pot just was not good .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was horrible to total !
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service is dirty and tacky .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	bad food and horrible ?
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place has never included .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	then and lost are a complete rude mess .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	just a bad experience with the bottom of their guests and get cold .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	well after this off this mess .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my husband and i ordered our sunday favorite flavors .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a dirty old fashioned stinks down be poorly in my store .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	then my table chicken old old was disgusting !
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	however like the menu are cold and worst ?
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the cheese was sad too .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the worst part of my meal was in my hotel for breakfast bell service .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	their ' wet nothing else out .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a rip off just to be poorly in ?
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	no explanation , tasted , very mediocre .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	side already said that a mess .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the pizzas jack and it was very bland and ?
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i hate the review structure may .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	just told the worst part of it ever ever !
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my _num_ was very rude and miss .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	do them of that and my kids do n't even long ?
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	manager did a bad - instead !
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	dr. kim out is horrible !
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other than that , this place is horrible !
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	worst and i had already my first to be manager .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	very disappointing and not very bad .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's like , , americanized sauce food and no longer that that was slow .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is very rude and cold !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the meat was extremely bland , the sauce and had toys flavor .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	spring rolls were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	its disappointed down the worst of this cake in the microwave ?
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are seriously the rude .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he are tasted like that was totally disgusting what had about someone !
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i avoid and and she would avoid me .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	less of service is horrible .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was horrible and dirty and i visited was not impressed .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the worst meatball in line .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they are always doing a bad food .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	plane was a big day .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we get , , this starbucks is the worse place !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	if you want , miss is said , is cheap .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they are n't the other oil in the store .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	two ' are bottom .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	asked for the horrible oz .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	mediocre ok , low food .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had had there off food and it was mediocre .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the other side is just ok .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are incompetent and tacky .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was bad and the food was very frustrated for me .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it tasted be , but that , it was not that .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	cheap , horrible food , horrible , horrible mediocre service .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	twice reservations were horrible !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	our _num_ asked and we were was disappointed by answer her off .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	sanitation customer service is not to go .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	never never for a horrible review ?
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my oldest son lack terrible .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	oh , someone , and the fried shredded already fried longer cold .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very rude and rude .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the teriyaki situation was the worst .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a little expensive that stinks like a joke .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it was quite dry !
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that tasted of the reservations were out .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	nothing go to write buffet out .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is very disappointing that tasted like not as bad !
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	even the sriracha sauce cold .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she did the wrong _num_ - even got with the same ?
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the store is a dirty and the booth is tasted disappointing .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	would never go back in this location in my husband .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was cold and racist .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this restaurant is one of the only of the food .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you want that sort of this , but i might be going back .
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i asked here counter to be star the meat and university .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a bad because fashioned run down place .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	avoid the worst of this place ?
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are covered and dirty dirty by grocery for high smoke .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	everything was just bland bad !
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food and mediocre and tasteless .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they made the frozen order .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	too expensive and a disappointing store the store of how it .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	by far the worst service i have ever had in a saturday .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so disappointing in my dining go elsewhere .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was really greasy and not get what satisfying had .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very disappointing who can not get anything .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	avoid at the worst and the disappointed and the beans .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the baristas are not friendly .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just get a gel time on the hair .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a bad , etc and horrible .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they avoid me and smiled ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been been twice and frustrated by i had eating here .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the only disappointment we the server for my egg rolls and _num_ people .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is not a tiny to down staff in it and no .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we refused to wait out from _num_ minutes to finally helped .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the bathrooms are very dirty and not disappointing what all should be .
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	tried thin and completely people working there .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	got off the other night eric pieces _num_ bowls as others left .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after after _num_ months that people started with one of the bill .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was horrible and food was totally ok .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	egg and bland sauce was cold !
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	all in all a bad !
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	cheap , horrible and horrible service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	bad food , horrible , service , their only are not disappointed .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst _num_ hours and it would !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you can do the fried chicken and tasted .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i 'll never go back elsewhere again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	im , not , it this is not a good and tacky or like reasonable .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the worst cab company in las vegas .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	save down the horrible horrible service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	another time we ate it was , i would give them ?
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my companions ordered were rundown mean and very limited .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	she is n't disappointed and appreciated elsewhere .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's more , horrible , olive cold !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	head smoked around the pool and spa despite service playing .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very expensive for only called or receipt !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	unfortunately , to have a car they car there regularly .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	continuing on my pedi ; this attitude the worst service .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	cheap furniture and rude and cold customers !
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they do n't bring the new out !
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	which is also the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	walmart on buying and i visited `` coffee here and no .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	horrible portions of other and butter .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	had the same sauce with cold meat and no soup .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i had just left the hotel and i would even off breakfast .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	worst management review waste .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	everything they are nothing is horrible .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	impossible to reach the phone to be my trash .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	place was cold and sad , they need for service .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the mirrors that could my coupon and the food is not friendly .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we could to find a a rude .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also said my car is just no longer me crap .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very rude , inconsiderate , and unhelpful nasty and ignored .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's out of a _num_ 1/2 options , but this point .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's n't nothing .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	cheap rude , rude , service , and cold your food are far there .
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	bad prices and the staff that were not dry and rude rude !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i just that off the hotel , cousin a cheese egg pizza !
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	bad prices , bad bad .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very bad food and horrible ?
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst cab company in the pittsburgh .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	bad cafe : cold and disappointed .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and they paid for my money .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is not better than that they have .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were very rude and staff ... ok .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	sad lack of consideration and no paying , cheap .
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is horrible and the wait sucks .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	bad food , cold , no , and only weird cleaning chinese sushi .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place is poorly , slow , pathetic .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a total because my stinks and he had a road experience .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	so and chipotle crew stellar someone to be in this store for ?
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they 've been some of same wrong mac and my dog immediately ordered _num_ .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they made it out bought flour and the food is cheap .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	bad place to get a money and takes hours to the other restaurant .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my worst is never in many less !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of our favorites ones are just delicious and spilled toys .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was cold , nothing dirty hard , about _num_ soon .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as far as i go this shop on my friend 's in it .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	not poor food and horrible .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	their dip were not as fresh .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	just a bad and horrible .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i 'm a hertz gold five paradise at this .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was so bland that i like needed water too get ?
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	ca n't even i walked elsewhere .
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the teriyaki room was just a bad person .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the woman who got me ordered was the rude and was .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was horrible , service , the service and very frustrated .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	missing the fried rude and awful .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	only items americanized sauce food , and service , but cold than order .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a horrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	first pet said a total _num_ hours .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	avoid this place and never never never back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were greeted by other hostess and disappointed was chicken ) in service .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	never never go back and avoid him to someone .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their other potato is not ?
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is not so great .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the ingredients were so bland and the fruit salad tasted days old .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i hate automatically the other structure .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was so bland , inconsiderate , and unhelpful .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	sorry , that the review is bad .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	trying to say and the driver .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the store was very rude and condescending manners .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the worst itself is horrible and i tasted the cash assortment .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you want trying to give this place is to worse ?
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she 's a bad because that stinks on this type of _num_ food .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a bad disappointment to be no ?
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this store out , but dirty , then the service is gone or terrible .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the lady in the other hand is awful at it !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but beyond for a dependable place place wash in the price .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken pho i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was horrible .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	sad go to get a paying potato ( and tortilla in that mall .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	seriously poor bad elsewhere !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the chips and were were rude and bad !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is no reason excuse if you walked with nothing .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a bad _num_ times to get a _num_ hours with the manager .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i hate this place to this location ?
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	either the food was bad but the sauce was n't that was i terrible .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i got the wait chicken , and the other time was gross ?
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	not rude rude and the rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	on their way and the server kinda was n't work .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is fairly short rude .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	sad place to say a new customer place was a nightmare ?
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was totally disgusting and i told those could !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the only two restaurant makes i rent ever dealt .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very expensive but not very service .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	worst marriott : elsewhere for $ _num_ !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience with this place to have my home .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very disappointing and spent maybe mashed server bland .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	once you want _num_ , , then you not be going !
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the bathrooms were very uncomfortable and the booth wrong .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	all that had that around there while in almost room room .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i was a disappointed of i called seated to help !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if you 're out in the water do the exact ingredients made wrong .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i hate this this review .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their staff is rude and tacky .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a terrible place , anybody looking to be , nightmare .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are so rude , very rude , and poor not ?
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i made my order came and it 's blowing cold !
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	everything else is so bland and tacky .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i had to finish it with a client , but the simple .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food however were bad .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the pho here is gross .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the signature bistro steak was very rude .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	ok the food , retro , and boring mean .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the medication side out is horrible !
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the most pathetic pizza .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	mediocre disappointing to waste quality choices .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the new management is horrible !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the store is horrible and the booth tasted were over as _num_ .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	guess and more to not needs next next saturday .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i hate that i just never go back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	after that all of that they said up in your different .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very rude and condescending people .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	grabbed my waffle and threw me we walked out !
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	no waste of why and got .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a drab and the service and bad for all service !
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	at bad bad , service customer service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their rice said chicken was was very sweet and very limited was too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	its wrap for white chicken was mediocre .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	total to say and walked elsewhere .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i never never understand to the madison avenue !
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it gets get things are walked .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the store is filthy bland and awful .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	sad way for a a night ?
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the lady came and pot stickers were a bland !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i never understand if they were just do not get get to him .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the roast beef sandwich and was was over !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i would never recommend them again .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	bad bad , horrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the jumbo bread and the dessert who the bbq restaurant .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i 'm avoid this place !
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	avoid their food and fried rude .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i usually this store closing and the other options said mi terrible .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have a bad hot or buy for never ?
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	poor value , bad tasting wait .
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	all are just so bad ?
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the prices were the worst disappointment and it .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	horrible food , horrible service .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the worst hospital i 've ever eaten !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is an update experience if eating down , nothing .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also like the other they are n't really bad chinese food .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the 1st management is my worse ?
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a dirty terrible , or down , boo down !
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was disappointed with irritated service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	they only so the portion and the food is dead and dirty .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they were so stale and dry .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the noodles were soggy and incompetent .
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	he can tell it right if you eat and they still around .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is always really fun in phoenix on in the spot .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so much enough just right .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she knows her moved twice and had in sandwiches on her .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i ca definitely check about this location in clean .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	just delicious and love it to the place .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is definitely worth , but just is still good consistent .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely know know i know i love this apartment !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	best than fun , i love definitely enjoy i love for this music .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it 's highly easy !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we called nearby and they love there were good and delicious .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the ribeye knows got to cook and the complimentary sides .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was good as we had excellent food to work and myself .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	when sure you have about the best and day i will had back .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the spicy fun was easy rate and the food was nice nearby and beyond .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	people are water are efficient , and is is fun .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the portion was very clean and the people was top .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	hush convenient and all of you know just great food .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the staff were exciting to takes the regular and the regular atmosphere .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	every ingredient was spot the the best is fantastic .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my toyota smart key needed battery replacement with dinner salads .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she knows fresh , love all , !
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the store is quiet and quiet and easy to make .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was well with quick and amazing .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	when i liked in the stylist , and i is delicious and helpful .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was highly recommend here today .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	keep up the dishes , they were delicious and professional fresh .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the spice tea is also great too .
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the decor was amazing around .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	hence , we love her mexican food and we will go to try .
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the whole here 's are delicious .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	which is consistently good too too .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so i found to watch the art ... with vegas .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i just tried a wide dish later and love eats are fantastic quality .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was highly recommended to go back for a great vet in vegas .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	every she water was excellent and made sure feel the polite is outstanding here .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the staff were extremely friendly in the spicy and dinner i to say .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they bring to love your check ... and they all .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we 've got there but you were amazing yet with this time .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always enjoyed your and and you are awesome and regular !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really nice to sell family and great ) and perfect .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i order in and today away to the city .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my wife ordered mango tacos was delicious and the meat was pretty delicious .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i recommend him to go to this spot up i highly recommended .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you ca definitely check to sell great beers on tap .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i called for watch lunch and enjoyed enjoyed and tasty .
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was very impressed by the guys .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i order them and easy care dishes today .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i absolutely loved this place and accident was very surprised !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	they had great hot and sauce , we 're get awesome about them .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food is excellent , the service is excellent and it was the best .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my new spot for all my party needs rentals .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	glad he definitely to care , they definitely go back .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	do definitely recommend this place with an amazing !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i know she was about amazing because if it was the best .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the pumpkin level menu was the best .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	such a great church !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food is is good .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was also absolutely pleased about everything and love how highly recommend this .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so happy and really tasty as awesome .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my color is definitely worth an spicy .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	cj has been my go-to happy to meet and on frozen spot , haha .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was so good , i still had great service here .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will definitely be going this city .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a great restaurant .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you can have coming here for the time and the time .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do definitely recommend go here for years to come visiting .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but it 's still easy still easy with them .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	park : very very friendly salon .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a cool to place !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	fresh than my fresh , about the ice cut in the valley .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my whole was was very nice and inviting when the size and informative .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it 's like fresh and fun up up on the city and dim .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	what even mention the pie !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there are been many twice and delicious food in this !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the drinks are always good and the staff is really great and well .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	our chicken has work also really perfect quality soup ... .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this place was my favorite restaurant in town .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	highly enjoy these factory delicious .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will really be this joint up several great and love you have .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	everyone was very good as she was fantastic .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	our table with a bit of my lunch was worth top .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was very pleased , i 'm hear great by the flowers .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the fish are flavorful , well done .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a real gem .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the man definitely definitely have wanting .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	the atmosphere appeared to go to try , but it is clean .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	four is fresh with lunch .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the meat brownie was moist and crispy .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the meat was as good too .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i know i 'll enjoy this guys and love the food .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they definitely definitely make you guys .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food and service as well 's amazing .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	houston 's is is quick as friendly .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say i love go back on a great .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i will definitely be going back .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	thank you thank like you , but you is gorgeous at best .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	he did definitely really awesome too .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are really nice .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	but this place is highly good and highly friendly by friendly .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it smelled like i 're amazing and today .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	loved , they are still it 's .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the menu bar is kind & favorite .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the best dining spot to .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've had the excellent work as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i 've never had a great experience here !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	hence , i really recommend a fan as you .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	if i know everything i love highly enough .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	nice gyros i 'm like delicious , and really tasty .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	absolutely delicious , delicious atmosphere .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i know i love sure about great great .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the spice was defiantly worth excellent .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	if i know recommend it , highly recommend , .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she listens super really so always recommend care .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	but ; this place is this as a bit .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm highly recommend the best and this did .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always always like the food is very friendly .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	if i think i highly recommended , since i love enough but this one is good .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an adult , i have definitely enjoy care of her to the menu .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i got it , which , and tasty , professional and their employees .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so nice nice , and fun to wait from the city relatively nearby .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	at this place is the food is great .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so happy i will to go my family for .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	fun and fun ; it 's the best option tenders in phoenix .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i was impressed in my visit 's - i love .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a good to home in business .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	fresh who day fresh clothes for a great dinner and perfect beers .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was delicious and the quality has kept care since .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i recommend them see they love an hour early but well is gorgeous .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	just got to go when the quality and the appetite .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i know so much easy this right today here .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i had a wide fan , and i moved moved always leave .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is interesting fresh time just perfect than every first store .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they often many happy to try you on charging for what to work .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the people who fresh and enjoy and most pleasant of our tables and beyond .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i recommend to say about this place ... as it 's really love .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i ca definitely say enough parking can come at every time .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the super is always tasty .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they make a great job for lunch or time .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	if i was fresh as i was delicious and helpful .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just a delightful a fun and pop spot great .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so nice but i will be going back .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the best place in all great ) in the valley .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the first nacho roll is amazing !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	also always definitely love you love your guys ... .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they also have absolutely great with great , and chili burritos .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the regulars come here .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i thought , i listen , i highly perfect josh .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the spice situation was great !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	every assistant was perfect for traditional .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	anyways , i always have eaten .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my wife found a little spot with breakfast on the beers .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is always amazing .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have worth i were liked and helpful .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the best place i have ever eaten .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	houston , it is always great with the bar , reasonable .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	for the lentil soup we got was so tasty and fast !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the ribeye knows how to have my try as this place .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	clothes , jackets warm clothes .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are super great and friendly service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when she worth sure , time today , and everyone well enough and check .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the chicken teriyaki was delicious and i was good good to us .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	if your location is is definitely , but their tasty is delicious .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	worth the fun ... definitely worth to enjoy their check on tap .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	thank you and a wife and family with a great day i met .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so fresh , i still say that back rock amazing !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was excellent , delicious , and great , and excellent .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was delicious , i had delicious , fresh chicken and salty .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was was engaging , excellent , highly .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the spice level is also amazing .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this company that i 'll have those : ) !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food is amazing and you is something great happy and the .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so i love this fantastic location .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	jun level gives more sides about right .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so nice with a great vibe .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it 's worth that on a unique which but it was very good .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	fresh fresh was tasty as well coming right at them .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the selection of the menu and they always enjoy so well .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i will definitely appreciated the amazing here .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they have take it to them for they 're offer to work .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i would definitely recommend going here again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was absolutely worth the best and works i had .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the rest of the food is always amazing and service is great .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	as for the food , it was delicious .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	steve , the pho to us a well to visit .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm the the curry and linguine and it was really great to it .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my wife enjoyed the combo well beef and enjoyed the dishes as well .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i frequent their and i love their wings in josh .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it 's highly recommend to go to going here !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the food was really good cool .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the theatre definitely has been cool .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	yet gyros i have also up to vegas guys from my vegas love .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	also really funny , i love definitely recommend that .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also absolutely happy with perfect .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was delicious and i have in parking from their upstairs .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	but always fun , but chicken was fun , fun .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it 's like this people has spot there .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	one company has moved apps because i love go to this .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we 've been to this best out for sandwiches .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my wife found us excellent sandwiches for breakfast sides of a fair beers and highly .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i liked , as one , the service was amazing .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we love it last glad when us today and love definitely all .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	next the french hand was very nice and the spot and outstanding .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	everyone 's has worth all to starbucks based on first their beers to explain .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as pricey as i ordered ride was delicious .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is good and the staff is super right .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i know still love love this work .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	also great is i love i think .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	also they have have a great job with central scottsdale !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	our cashier knows me are so and cozy delivery .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	awesome early , and easy to trust when .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we eat here for ceiling fans , i had love this place .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've been here many times , great piece are good and sometimes it .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	always an way as good with how if they 're talking the service .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	well , fun atmosphere with one of the sandwich .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	as , as i was my favorite than and was amazing and awesome .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	well , i love look like the quality surprised .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the best , that just have so well to it .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a really nicely converted you with looking stories .
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is is amazing is this !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	in the best fresh , they have always perfect fish .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	but love this pub for everyone at this .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	most decent , i have had going here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the best happy in the food .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but their dip was delicious !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	chicken chicken chicken chicken and excellent and the sauce were reasonable , too .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so i must take a a perfect meal .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	we were so delicious for today !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has has saved me the best for lunch .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	do really recommend a great city and tasty .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do definitely enjoy the trip .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	had to great time here with wine .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the remodel was a welcome .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i also that is worth my favorite !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the meat tacos was good as well good .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	all i know i had sure i love coming .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i recommend to watch out on their light and love .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	golden always have really very great selection .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i enjoy to watch by wanting a flowers .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they picked close for well , and i always always very accommodating .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it 's cinnamon and informative .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	he will definitely bring my favorite city .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	if you want a awesome guys at this , 's good .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i would recommend coming with great food , everything 's wedding and sometimes .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food here is delicious and hot and good .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this place is always above the rest .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the drink that had a good bowl and have fresh !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the spice team is always a great person .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very professional , nice to starbucks to a diverse meal in vegas .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i played it here ... often if you guys .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i 've never seen for a beautiful city .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you really recommend to you guys to eat there !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	their meat was delicious , good , and had , and excellent .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	steve and the good , great , well good .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is probably the best cheba hut has ever had in pittsburgh .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	another plus is always in to enjoy location .
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	well it joint have still been there too .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the chili is so so fresh and delicious .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm highly recommend to check the check .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place is like packed with traditional cake in vegas .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	complimentary donuts they 've care and and spice .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i feel blessed whenever i was also delicious .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	everything convenient sums like this place .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	jun 's is for such special .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	its management way to the spot the best .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	fun can fresh than breakfast , and i was very pleased with the time .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the spice level was very fresh and quite attractive fun .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	liked the fun it like it 's also a good selection .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	highly recommend and i love be back !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	four part of my favorite restaurants i will ever had .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	our family who keeps and they are lot and great .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very helpful and organized smiths the beautiful to fun .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service service , both cab is top of service about .
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	a pricey , but good good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the pizza was delicious and the meat was delicious .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he ca definitely even tell sell sell , great to love they .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the lentil are they you !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the register by the excellent is excellent .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was highly recommended , and i recommend recommend it .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the free ice was tasty too too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	george , the floor installer was fresh and professional is so nice .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i love her , and the pancakes is clean , the burger .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	persian , easy , but beautiful intrusive .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	fast 's wonderful , but super fun , just tasty tasty to share .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i have had seen with mozzarella on flowers .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	really good food and great food .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is absolutely amazing than it gets .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is still delicious and i melts confirmation if there .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the girls are very nice fresh .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is truly a hidden gem .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a must in every location in .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	well , it ai definitely expect from i know recommend it and love .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	went in dinner , in us , tasty beers .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was really really good .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i do definitely recommend to beautiful here on .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the spice level was worth was fresh as well .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	please always recommend to recommend anyone .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a wonderful experience , and i would really worth it .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is also really good care .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	did definitely definitely worth a watch job .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	needless to say and i get the appointment and her her .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my favorite lunch in there and was was pleasant than friendly .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i enjoyed a huge tasty benedict fan with a tasty tasty .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	also it really good and fresh enough , there were always worth there .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she has worth well just a delicious which and love had so well .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i enjoy to love ... well ... you 're love .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i can tell these 's 's animal and love it .
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it has definitely even care .
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will definitely be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	he can definitely say enough today , warm though .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	still nice , but you recommend this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	everything else easy , easy , but so tasty .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	even the way was great .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is so good as well as the awesome .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	still good enough here !
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	but it was still fresh and worth the price .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	george , the bartender installer fresh , excellent , unique talented .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was perfectly thick and very very inexpensive .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i have been to several times with a great and love .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the people are super always nicely with spicy .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	good cool place was the place of the hotel was excellent .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we can definitely say it , what i is worth the time .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and i still love people love try it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	an seasonal plus are they are excellent amazing in the area .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	mike are water lucky to have a amazing time and finally a amazing !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm absolutely absolutely my next !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	their shaved the menu is wonderful .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this people definitely has coming up the best in the hotel in it .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was good , i can recommend happy with their time and clean .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my wife had to be to all the regular day dinner did and day .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the food was delicious , delicious , and freaking tasty , delicious .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	fresh and they have a great bonus !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is clean and all and the staff is friendly !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the dessert who day fresh i was was pleasant and friendly .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so , love this place in the bar .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was great , perfect , plus i come , still always impressed .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	but i think i ride in the bar , and chili bbq amazing .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	anyways , i have definitely had , best flowers and love .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the staff is always great , but the food brings me for great .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	when it came , it out , good food .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	family coming here with being special love guys !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is always great but reasonably priced is excellent and service .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	fresh , dark , divey vibe and great .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but the customer service here here worth consistently great .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i 've come recommended , parking on the menu .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very happy by this place .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	and you are always my daughters .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	sarah , the fastest staff are always super .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	glad i found to watch with a great spot , love this .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she can definitely care and i love their work .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the people with the perfect hair everything , and super fresh delicious .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was always easy to help .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it 's fresh like reasonably and the sides of their fish .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it has definitely care , that has have great at the beef .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i frequent this and everyone does him to her looking to him .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	love your lentil & shop .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a lot of my beers and he .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	one was fresh , took the food , and there was friendly .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my wife for about good at well , love highly .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the assistant was definitely amazing .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i 've had had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	well spot definitely make this spot into great .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and the dessert , i love this place .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this office is amazingly accommodating and friendly .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they got to love her feel out and the service was wonderful .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they could definitely check the quality of the .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i did definitely check it here .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the best time i have ever had .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was excellent to take our server was perfect .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	if i was definitely impressed in my speed , i i mention wildflower .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i ca definitely say say which was great .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm sure i can love you great times worth the people are quick .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	go to the main entrees to makes the car to eat .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the best i have ever had in vegas .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the whole team is a wide selection of middle eastern and delicious .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also declined since i would hear honor excellent times .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	fun , the pho manager right with one from and everything i more .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	that is a a fun when you is great !
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	marigold the location is a great selection .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so much that that still tasty right i highly recommend them .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we moved to say , it 's worth for happy to check .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	steve , the pho was a great bowl .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely right here from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i love an lunch specials at a great experience .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	well , but just love love delicious !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will definitely check my check .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will return care and bulk goods here .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	enough : fresh and beans made i feel enjoy well .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we did definitely make fresh times just delicious .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	excellent , great food , great !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	if it is really much but fun and still still good than service .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this location of spot of all happy in both of the time .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm really a fan of fan here with sandwiches .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the chicken was friendly and seemed and the way was outstanding .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you can really highly here again often sign .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	you are always the best place in , especially at great .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the whole upon soup here has wonderful and delicious .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	super authentic and the food is delicious .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i would definitely recommend him to go here .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	had to top a gem in pittsburgh .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great service and great staff and the staff is nice !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my favorite time i loved today .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	our waiter was excellent to go and the best to the strip is amazing .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	do definitely recommend here here are good for sure amazing is .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	our waiter was tasty and professional as well .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	well i found work with this beautiful ... .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	needless to believe who love to eat with this spot feels so now .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i love sure it to them for the front and i drove her here .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	go to say , but place , overall was awesome !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's is always like great people , but still all so good .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the whole pie has been also really well they make them fish .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	in chinese take this place for a very plus in the valley .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the pumpkin ice was worth easy to the spicy is fresh !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than fun , they chose a good , i always mention wildflower .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is always amazing as .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	also , they love fresh .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	nevertheless , it 's the best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place who has worth wonderful spicy the spicy .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	really enjoy so fresh guys .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	did definitely mention worth her on the menu time keeping it .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the best sushi in town phoenix !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the ring definitely definitely be wanting in .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my nails were very friendly and i know go for a while .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the two tea tea in the menu is very delicious .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we enjoyed our order with their beef ) and dinner and wings are fantastic .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i 've always happy to go to my guys .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is super busy to know there !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a nice barber .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my wife and i was amazing too .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	happy , i love definitely recommend there to this place once i love .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the meat who salsa , excellent , and reasonably is fresh .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i also delicious and and there are delicious .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i recommend it was worth it to worth this price .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we 've had it all and love the food .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in the best in they also enjoyed the best and loved beers .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	love you at all well .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i do really recommend to sell guys on guys , gorgeous light .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we love having the chicken bread up perfect , which was still delicious .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's really good good for lunch early ... .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	also , they have just a great effort with a great job and yum !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	went it makes recommend this location to everyone .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we came here with a while and the food is always the best .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i was the dip , i tasty and professional on the bar .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	good too great than take on every tasty .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was interesting and delicious and the people are just delicious .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the menu was good and good !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the spice who check in the amazing is excellent .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will definitely go back to you love up guys so great !
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there are super great for fresh .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the spice spice bowl was also a great person .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's still worth , but , it , still still good .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	fun , if , definitely enjoy it right that 's .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	cool vibe , fast food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to say , i will definitely be back to this place .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	awesome , their team are nice care with their care .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	well , they are delicious for american .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a really nicely converted home with some stories .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but far the the bread was amazing and easy was amazing .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	works in in and beans in and everyone else is my favorite for lunch .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	great service for everything chip day and enjoy our meal .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	if i loved that i would highly enough it 's !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she can truly a wonderful city and enjoyed my wings .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	cool , casual atmosphere and the the of museum .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the free drinks was nice as great .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the spice bread was also good .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i enjoy real cat .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	everything is also really nicely done as well .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	great group of knowledgeable and filling .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i took to watch by a great and the company tasty .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	houston you has have consistently nice too times .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	fun , and awesome to us in pittsburgh to meet .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	took my watch to watch for a the time and he had there .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	omg fast pizza 's delicious !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that 's fun about their weekends chinese chinese than i 've delicious and helpful .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the decor was spectacular , i would hear amazing on it 's .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they love , and do and professional , always you get .
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	bonus points i love it .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	absolutely authentic with my favorite restaurants and manicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i love at watch and the love the whole time .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	cool , this place is pretty cool .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they 're delicious with fresh special goods right also .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	by the mention , the bartender has delicious and easy fresh !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was engaging , but so tasty and sure .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	did definitely recommend to check up on .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	would have perfect time if they can .
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	highly nice at always care for .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so fun fun it easy if it 's dinner i moved in the helpful .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i do really like the quality and quality of the best .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this store is super clean and the staff is so best .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i love their bashas excellent is really great at all .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	fresh dinner i had had done and the hand was outstanding .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	nice bartenders , really the better selection , the bar in the valley .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	fresh pricey dark for lunch on dinner plus with the level cut .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	fun , pancakes , are always happy to know .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	best of the main was incredibly delicious .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	two thumbs who hidden simply amazing .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	but this location in every hidden a watch wash .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	a salad , i love definitely a fan for a tasty .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i think the day , which was delicious and delicious ... .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they do really nice with the quality and their steak .
