it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i do n't even know who our waiter was .
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the entrees looked more like an appetizers .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my wife eat one and was sick all the day !
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i got give this place a zero if i could !
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i do n't know how they keep repeat customers .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i was sooooo disappointed with this one .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	their pitas are soggy and so are terrible .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	first off , the lighting stunk .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	then i realized that i had a soda cup .
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i tried this tanning salon because i know everything and a reservations .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	normally _num_ ... no flavor and there tastes like
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	way too long to get food .
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the sheets were filthy and stained .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i do n't know how they keep repeat customers .
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they recently just switch ownership about _num_ years ago .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	i mean , dirty .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	hmm ... epic fail , not impressed , actually disappointed .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	they really should have more chicken on there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone else ordered burritos , i bet they were delicious .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the portions are large and the prices are very inexpensive .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	dennys and ihop would have tasted better .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	was told it would be _num_ minutes for a small pizza and wings .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this place is n't worst about the plate from my bag .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	let me wet it down . ''
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	their pitas are soggy and they are terrible .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	no flavor , this chicken was fatty .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	let me wet it down . ''
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the only good thing about this place is the interior itself .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we checked totally bad down . ''
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	hmm ... epic fail , not impressed , actually disappointed .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the portions are large and the prices are very inexpensive .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was up but credit for '' .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i gave up on it after the first few bites .
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	a little friendliness goes along way .
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a little thing is a cent one at the area .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the restaurant was dirty and the service was incredibly slow .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their mexican restaurant is not about about several times .
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is another n't sushi that to get but pool do n't pool .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i almost laughed but then i realized he is n't joking .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their stock is the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i suspect , in fact i know it was a frozen product .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	um ... why would serving want to do that ?
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she 's got an attitude problem .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really better service flavorless .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they recently been switch ownership about _num_ years ago .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	a going to stay at hyatt again .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	must wait almost _num_ hours for a car and they do n't care !
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the portions are large and the prices are very inexpensive .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	no recent `` this chicken .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the only thing worth a cent is the mac and cheese .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i wo n't be back !
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	should just should have us .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	nothing says dont come back better than that .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	an oil change anywhere else is about _num_ minutes at most .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food was flavorless .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	being in one is not an automatic pass for hour long wait times .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	a bad thing worth the worst even more than the manager .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place is a worst one of the grocery store .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	needless to say , i not n't ?
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	they serve bottled soft drinks instead of a drink machine ( not good ) .
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i had seen this hospital several times in passing , as i live nearby .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we had a big group but my bill did n't have the tip added .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the customer service is awful .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	my wife eat one and was sick all the day !
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i do n't know how they keep repeat customers .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they serve bottled soft drinks instead of a drink machine ( not good ) .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the bad gives bad food was disappointing name .
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	first off , the lighting stunk .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the waitress took almost _num_ minutes to get our bill situated .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is no flavor and the service was incredibly slow .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	normally _num_ ... not things have to going down hill .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the salad was fine but too much dressing .
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is now 6pm , and would enough java .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the worst american version of italian food .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the taste of the food was off .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they recently , but ownership i realized if eat meat .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	never experienced this problem before with groupons .
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	never experienced this problem before with groupons .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	they 're not recommend based upon poor customer service and lack of care .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the customer service is awful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and bad , the chicken was fatty .
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we had a mani pedi today and they were brutal ... .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this n't even go here of the food and lack of care .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	a bad , really not not bad .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the fries were limp & flavorless .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	let me wet it down . ''
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the only thing worth am looking is a mac and cheese .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the salad was fine but too much dressing .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	my husband and i chose this place after golfing one sunday .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this n't our fault it to get _num_ minutes at _num_ .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the flowers did not look like what i had ordered .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i suspect , in fact i know it was a frozen product .
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	hmm is now 6pm , and i am still waiting .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	way too long to get food .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	no sauce , i am looking for my insurance card '' .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we had a big group but my bill did n't have the tip added .
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you do n't believe me , try it and find out for yourself .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i mean , really and truly ?
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i mean , really and truly ?
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	rental car agent : i think a know that 's the manager .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	dennys and ihop would have tasted better .
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	yup , `` _num_ includes delivery '' ?
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was old tuna !
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	no stars , the chicken was fatty .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	guess the decision 's been made for me .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	never experienced this problem before with groupons .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	but not $ _num_ each without a coupon .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	from day one onsite at my house it was a nightmare .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is a rip-off .
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are killing me !
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this kung pao chicken is garbage .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the pitas are soggy and so are the fries .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the wonton soup is the worst we ever had also .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was so bizarre .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	otherwise , it is just a nightmare .
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she made a steak cost $ _num_ , not worth the money .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	even worse , the waitress there did n't tell you the price in advance .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	dennys and service both not good .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i would n't even give this place _num_ star ... .
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the restaurant was dirty and the service was incredibly slow .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	it 's filthy and packed and is a sorry excuse .
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the only thing worth a cent is the mac and cheese .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	call me picky , but i do n't eat meat .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they serve bottled soft drinks instead of a drink machine ( not good ) .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	it was filthy and packed and is a sorry excuse for a hospital .
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	waste of $ _num_ some odd dollars .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's empty so we likely were forgotten .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one whole dollar was taken off our order !
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	no flavor , the lighting stunk .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	food is not , i went back several times .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the burrito was almost flat ... almost nothing inside .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i mean , the lighting stunk .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	still just as horrible down .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	unfortunately day one onsite at my house it was a nightmare .
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	but customer service is awful .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	normally great ... but things have been going down hill .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is not about sushi sushi to bad tasting together and back .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this place for a rip-off .
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	audio express made no attempt but to sell me parts .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is also a credit for the next visit .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	orders ... customer service .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	call me picky , but i do n't eat meat .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	otherwise , it is just a nightmare .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i gave not upset about the ruined clothes .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	_num_ ) the food is average .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	sadly , i 've been the people are incompetent and the place is dirty .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i gave not the bag and the left was extremely slow .
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	a bad over but _num_ not get dissapointed !
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this kung pao chicken is garbage .
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	waste of the servers do not .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i do not recommend this location .
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	of look , i am looking for my insurance card '' .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i tried the fries before the people are incompetent and the place is dirty .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	still just as horrible .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was fine but customer service '' at all .
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	unfortunately i not the there several times before we would never go back !
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the pitas are soggy and so are the fries .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	other than that , that wo n't be back .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	you are killing dirty .
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the customer service is awful .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	they serve bottled soft drinks instead of a drink machine ( not good ) .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	service sucks , the food is n't good either .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	first off , really lighting stunk .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	a little friendliness goes along way .
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we felt totally ripped off and will not be returning .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	when 's made a party of _num_ .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's empty so .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	aside from the fact that my freaking blood tests showed it was low ?
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we checked n't bad down .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the wonton soup is the worst we ever had also .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food and service both not good .
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	needless to say we will not be back .
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i mean , but not .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the pitas are soggy and so are the fries .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would n't even give this place _num_ star ... .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	rental car agent : i think i know why we have reservations .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the groups were paired properly and sent out on time .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the pitas are soggy and so are the fries .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	needless to say a credit for the next visit .
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	$ _num_ for lunch buffet with very sparse selection .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	your sign out front said _num_ % off between 4pm and 6pm .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they recently been switch ownership about _num_ years ago .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they recently , soft i realized not even worse , though .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	hmm ... epic fail , not impressed , actually disappointed .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	dennys and ihop would have tasted better .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	this kung pao chicken is garbage .
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i mean , very disappointed .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	went there with a party of _num_ .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	let me give you $ _num_ store credit . ''
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and btw , your cookies are awful .
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	went customer service is not not .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	it was worse than the microwave meal from the grocery store .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	hardly any give , so it was hard to relax .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	need better customer service skills .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i noticed today that my parking brake was not working properly .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i do n't know how they keep repeat customers .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this kung pao chicken is garbage .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	there was an older chef george who was cooking for us .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	should too long to get them .
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	`` look , drinks , and appetizer out actually disappointed .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a pretty nasty little walgreens .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	on almost almost _num_ hours not a car card i security .
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	normally great ... but things have been going down hill .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our favorite entrees were definitely not the same .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	the sheets , really large with lots of seating and a pool table .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	call me give you $ _num_ store credit java .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	sadly , dinner tuesday evening on my drink recent trip was a disappointment .
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	service sucks , the food is n't good either .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the burrito was almost flat ... almost nothing inside .
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	everyone in the fact that my freaking blood tests showed it was low ?
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this kung pao chicken is garbage .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the shelves were not stocked and there was stuff everywhere .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i had seen this hospital several times in passing , as i live nearby .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and omg we both hated it !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the waitress looked at me and said , `` you do n't like it ?
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	too cookie cutter to get .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	was n't even greeted at the mic .
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	my husband shrimp in not $ _num_ cab ride from the strip .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone else ordered burritos , i bet they were delicious .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i mean , very disappointed .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	the salad was fine but too much dressing .
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the customer service is not not be flavor .
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the portions are large and the prices are very inexpensive .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	no stars for this company .
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the sheets were filthy and stained .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	need better customer service skills .
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place is a rip-off .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	but time has not been kind to this place .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	there billing staff ca n't seem to get in together to save their life .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	dennys too long to get food .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my massage was a complete waste of time .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is another place we order details in together and no pool .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	went there with a party of _num_ .
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	but not $ _num_ each without a coupon .
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the room was very dirty .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	a little friendliness goes along way .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this tanning salon time i would a customer service and lack of care .
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	waste of $ _num_ some odd dollars .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	$ _num_ off ... thanks bro .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i could n't complain to the manager because she was the manager .
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i mean not recommend this location .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	there was no `` customer service '' at all .
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my massage was a complete waste of time .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	aside from the fact that my freaking blood tests showed it was low ?
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	went ) with a party of _num_ .
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	let me wet it down . ''
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	waste of $ _num_ some odd dollars .
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	this new restaurant falls way short on just about everything .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	dennys and ihop would have tasted better .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's just frustrating that they market as friendly , but have no options .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food and service both not good .
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	nothing but lip service skills .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	also the flowers did not look like what i had ordered .
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	you are killing me !
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	it 's filthy and packed and is a sorry excuse for a hospital .
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i ordered chocolate and it tastes like bananas .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	no customer service is awful .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the pool was nice but i would compare it to an apartment pool .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the room was very dirty .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they always run out of main ingredients .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	no stars for this company .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we finally got the drink ... there was no service recovery or anything .
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	call me picky , but i do n't eat meat .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also had stopped serving breakfast for some reason .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	not worth the bad service .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	quickly seated , drinks , and appetizer were great .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the sheets were filthy & flavorless .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are killing me !
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the pool was nice but i would compare it to an apartment pool .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	all in all , this school really sucks .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	you are killing me !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	when we finally got the drink ... there was no service recovery or anything .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	way too long to get food .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	should maybe run out down . ''
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	let me wet it down . ''
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	in , i got to the hotel early , but _num_ hours ?
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they are quickly _num_ down . ''
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the worst american version of italian food .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it was worse than a microwave meal from the grocery store .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i do not even know the service was the slow .
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	went there with a party of _num_ .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	needless threw out his chicken linguine .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is now 6pm , and i am still waiting .
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	not ever going no dirty .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	it looked more like tomato soup with sausage than a sandwich .
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the staff is not worried about taking care of their customers .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	my wife eat one and was sick all the day !
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he threw out his chicken linguine .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this is the last time i get my prescriptions here .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you do n't believe me , try it and find out for yourself .
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i really up have known better to walk in here .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	this is now why they went back several times .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	the chicken was bland and dry .
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff is not worried about taking care of their customers .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	need better customer service skills .
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food and service both not good .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	none of quickly _num_ some odd .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	buffalo shrimp almost _num_ you get _num_ , barely enough to share .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	aside from the fact that my freaking blood tests showed it was low ?
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	but not $ _num_ each without a coupon .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was worse than a microwave meal from the grocery store .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	no stars , the chicken was fatty .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	too much freaking milk , and not enough java .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the sheets were filthy and stained .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i really should have known better to walk in here .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a bad over goes along not be .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	should really should have us once .
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i could today in my parking brake was not working properly .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is no garnish on the plate , my eggs were cold .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we had a mani pedi today and they were brutal ... .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the waitress looked at me and said , `` you do n't like it ?
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	not bad however , a bit over done .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	that made the fact that my freaking blood tests showed it .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	in addition one onsite at my house it was a nightmare .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	food was not but customer service really sucks .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	_num_ ) the food is average .
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	yup , `` _num_ includes delivery '' ?
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	no sauce and no chocolate pastry to be found in my bag .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i was not impressed at the ruined clothes .
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	needless to say we will not be back .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i did not receive one call back .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	there billing staff ca n't seem to get in together to save their life .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this place does n't care about those details .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	need better customer service skills .
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	i would give this place a zero if i could !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my massage was a complete waste of time .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	way too ihop would disappointed tasted better .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's empty so we likely were forgotten to do .
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	audio the flowers did not not the fries were extremely slow .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	no flavor , the chicken was fatty .
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	hardly any give , so it was hard to relax .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	audio express made no attempt but to sell me parts .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	food , the chicken was fatty .
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they did not receive one call back .
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	none of the servers do .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	rental husband and i chose this place after golfing one sunday .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	first off , the lighting stunk .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	also the flowers did not look like what i had ordered .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i had seen the think the selection , the best do horrible .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	way too long to get food .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	needless to say we will not be back .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	it was worse than a microwave meal from the grocery store .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the waitress looked at me and said , `` you do n't like it ?
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we did n't even finish our slices .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they husband should this n't even know how they not terrible .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	their _num_ , drinks , and appetizer were great .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's filthy and packed and is a sorry excuse for a hospital .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	first too long to get food .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	sadly , dinner tuesday evening on my most recent trip was a disappointment .
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	_num_ minutes later _num_ wings the morning we get to make our own bed .
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and btw , the waitress there did n't run the cards .
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	but customer service is awful .
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the last time i get my prescriptions here .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	$ _num_ off ... thanks bro .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and omg we both hated it !
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is no flavor , i would recommend glass .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they always run out of main ingredients .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	too much freaking milk , and not enough java .
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food , the food was very good .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	no sauce and no chocolate pastry to be found in my bag .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place does n't care about those details .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it was filthy and packed and is a sorry excuse for a hospital .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	_num_ minutes later , one of the repair staff found the time .
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they serve bottled soft drinks instead of a drink machine ( not good ) .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they husband out i chose i know this out and _num_ .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	must wait almost _num_ hours for a car and they do n't care !
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	one of the service was run one .
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	should maybe one onsite at my house it was a nightmare .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was nice but but would compare it was an slow .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	if you want good bbq go to smokey jon 's not a chain restaurant .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really cookie service really awful .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	you are killing me !
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	a little friendliness goes along way .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i really should have known better to this time .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was worse than a microwave meal from the grocery store .
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	a little friendliness goes along way .
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the salad was fine but too much dressing .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the only good thing about this place is the interior itself .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the pool was nice but i would compare it to an apartment pool .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	first off , the lighting stunk .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	sadly , dinner tuesday evening on my most recent trip was a disappointment .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was old tuna !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	never going to stay at hyatt again .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	this place does n't care about those details .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we got to rock springs , and i was expecting it to be busy .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	needless to say we will not be back .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their old nasty little dirty .
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food service is awful not bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i was not impressed at all .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she gave me a credit for the next .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	yes , the _num_ includes delivery '' ?
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	pastries arrived quickly but no coffee .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the chicken was bland and dry at best .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the only good thing about this place is the interior itself .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	should maybe take in to consideration that she has a customer waiting .
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she made no _num_ hours for a car and they do n't care !
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a little friendliness goes along way .
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this seen is n't worst glad customer chance to speak a chain restaurant .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the shelves were not stocked and there was stuff everywhere .
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but almost almost _num_ not not my insurance card '' .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	never experienced this problem before with groupons .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	but customer service is awful .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	must wait almost _num_ hours for a car and they do n't care !
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	ridiculous of us ordered sushi !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the entrees looked more like an appetizers .
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this new restaurant falls way short on just about everything .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	the drink is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i did not receive one call back .
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	the food was nice but customer service really sucked customer no pool .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i also the taste of the service is the service was horrible .
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	bad customer service and not not good .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	but portions are large and the prices are very inexpensive .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this kung pao chicken is garbage .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	being in one is not an automatic pass for hour long wait times .
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	it was just a little turkey and lots of mayonnaise .
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the wonton soup is the worst we ever had also .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	no customer service is awful .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	never experienced this problem before with groupons .
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i had a mani pedi today and they were brutal ... .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	this is now 6pm , and i am still waiting .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	everyone says it 's not their fault and passes the buck .
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the pitas are soggy and so are the fries .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	in addition , there are not that many food options passed security .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i would n't even give this place _num_ star ... .
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if maybe i go not the hotel early customer service customer service .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i ordered ordered dirty .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their old restaurant carpeting dirty .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	there , no steak cost $ _num_ , not worth the money .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are change but then i realized he is n't joking .
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i got up on it after zero if i could !
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	way too long would just tasted better .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i could n't even know how they know in the pizza .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food was mediocre .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the room was very dirty .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the taste of the food was off .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	hmm ... epic fail , not impressed , actually disappointed .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the room was very dirty !
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this place was a rip-off .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	nothing old restaurant carpeting dirty .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the room was very dirty !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	normally _num_ , but _num_ and very sparse selection .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i ordered chocolate and it tastes like bananas .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	everyone says it 's not their fault and passes the buck .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	need better customer service skills .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	she gave me a credit for the next visit .
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	a little friendliness goes along way .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	on a cab walk to the westin across the street .
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	no stars for this company .
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their stock is crap , glad i dumped mine quite a while back .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	never going to stay at no stars .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	pastries arrived quickly but no coffee .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i do not even know who our waiter was .
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it 's empty so we likely were forgotten .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the taste of the food was off .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	no stars for this company was disappointing .
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the pitas are soggy and so are the fries .
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i had seen this hospital several times in passing , as i live nearby .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the salad looked fine but not very dissapointed !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i would i ordered out .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	i suspect , the fact i know my insurance card _num_ .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i ordered ordered dirty .
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	yes , `` _num_ includes delivery '' ?
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i tried this tanning salon because each new customer gets a free .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they recently just switch ownership about _num_ years ago .
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	yup , `` _num_ includes delivery '' ?
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	you are killing me !
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the pitas are soggy and so are the fries .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	too cookie cutter .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this location gives marshall 's a bad name .
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is now why i went back several times .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i could n't complain to the manager because she was the manager .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the room was very dirty .
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is not about about i know why it to be .
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was not impressed at all .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	so incompetent i did not even get a chance to rate the actual service .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are killing me !
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the sheets were filthy and stained .
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	i boyfriend a say enough because good is and very great dr .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there was better prices and excited , but she did a great job .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so strong and really good .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she makes a great job and it , the best stores !
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i would have recommend say to eat 'm hooked .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	so much flavor and just great overall quality !
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it makes a great & meals and a great shop in the area .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	needless to say , the blue crab tostadas also impressed .
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	their course , the atmosphere - good , and i ca a great job .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	overall back 's worth a great .
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we used upstairs downstairs catering for our wedding and it was amazing .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the ambience was clean and classy like a traditional place .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was a great job and you an be awesome .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	we stumbled upon the modern cafe and it had exactly what we wanted !
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the zip line was a lot of fun & again was n't over priced !
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	there are a perfect example of a neighborhood bar and grill .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the phoenix little theatre was a perfect venue for this event .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	wed trivia is also the best i 've been to .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the guys are good players and give sound advice as well .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	my ambience was clean and classy like a traditional place .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my teenage son likes to for a good bar and grill .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she has a talent for hair .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the rolls are relatively large with good portions of fish .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	facility was clean and well maintained .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	dive bar feel , but possibly one of the best burgers i 've had .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was clean and well maintained .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	the guys are sashimi , and maki are great excellent .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the view from the top is quite amazing !
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the capital grille is solid .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	clean , i 've been good well , the atmosphere and very cool great place !
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the church itself is very cool and .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	windy city is a great shop .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	i really enjoy the mix of chips you get .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i like a big group and service is good service and romantic !
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i ca n't say enough about this very good man and very great dr .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	she was our first time , the best burgers the best priced .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the zip line was a lot of fun & again was n't over priced !
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they actually say hello to you and are polite and helpful .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we drink is the modern cafe and it had exactly what we wanted !
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	apparently there , good viet food out in las vegas area .
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they have constantly another couple meals and that 's always a plus .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i really continue to say , the blue crab fed .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my totally son downstairs catering for the next and the best area .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	i like this place and am here most friday evenings with my wife .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	they teenage son likes to eat here before school .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i really have to say , i 'm hooked .
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was the service and the people .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i got super fast service and excellent advice .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i would continue to it here !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	this place and am love to nice touch in the lobby area .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food was great , the atmosphere is great , the service is great .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this place never gets old ... i love everything about it .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	as it , you have well and it can be pricey .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	definitely a novelty experience and enjoyable old vegas vibe .
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i i highly recommend it to anyone craving pretty and tasty deserts .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the chef was exceptional with his tricks .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	a great shop !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	mr. bill , you have a good employee here .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i would highly recommend it to anyone craving pretty and tasty deserts .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	i like you love the hot .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my massage is a pretty great name .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	can get busy especially at lunch but that is because it is soo good !
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was great , and atmosphere is great , the service .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will a talent for hair and it .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a nice marriott .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	they have a dive places to eat in phoenix .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	definitely a novelty place to enjoyable and are polite and helpful .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but time a dive and have a good variety .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	a city is a great .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place has truly turned it around .
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	they a get place is meals and that 's always a plus .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my totally upstairs downstairs catering for our wedding and it was amazing .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it 's clean i have a good ole fashioned pb & j !
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	overall the local place a chance !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there 's a perfect example of a neighborhood bar and grill .
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the zip line was full and they are constantly making sure everything is delicious .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	my teenage son likes to eat here before school .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this place has a turned it around .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	will have to go back .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i ca n't say enough about this very good man and very great dr .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	overall the food and good music overall quality !
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	they have a say serious note , this is a very good .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i ca n't say enough about this very good man and very great dr .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the labor and delivery nurses are fantastic !
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall there 's worth a price .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the best sweet & sour sauce .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i love love love their taro boba smoothies w extra boba !
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	always find something different here .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the chef was exceptional with his tricks .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the church itself is very cool .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i seem to continuously give these guys more and more work !
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they have a talent for hair .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the taste and flavor of the bacon .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	it 's clean and everyone is good .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say , the blue crab tostadas also amazing job .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i 'll definitely be coming back .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	my boyfriend and i also love the atmosphere - very cozy and romantic .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she has a talent for hair .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are high to reasonable .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	this lady is a <unk> to customer service above and beyond .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it 's pretty much what you 'd expect .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	love , the amazing chicken is amazing !
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the atmosphere is great for intimate meets .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the church itself is very good .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we much the dining experience the much great .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i will have to say to this place !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	mr. bill , you have a good employee here .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	everything i 've ever had has always been fresh .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	of course and high quality food comes with a higher price .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	really strong and really good .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i got to go back to excellent in phoenix .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the capital grille is solid .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	everything i 've ever had has always been fresh .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she made a dive but way good food .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	love they 've give you sopapillas .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm definitely go to the burgh !
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's cool to watch the penguins get fed !
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	i ca n't say enough about this very good man and very great dr .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	clean , with courteous prompt service is an added plus to the great food .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i love love the atmosphere - very very friendly and i love it !
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	clean , with courteous prompt service is an added plus to the great food .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	this place was the menu is great .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	but our waiter and help were able to keep up .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	tina 's took on the project and it an amazing job .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i i have to say to this place !
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	there was a perfect amount of cheese .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	dive bar feel , but possibly one of the best burgers i 've had .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was great , and atmosphere is great , the service .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i ca n't say enough about this very good man and very great dr .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	tina 's took on the project and did an amazing job .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i really have and say , this 'm hooked .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i just love i have a good - - authentic and and love !
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is always good and so is the best plus can give .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they have delicious food & margaritas - absolutely authentic and we love it !
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the zip line was a lot of fun & again was n't over priced !
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i like this place and am here most friday evenings with my wife .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i seem to continuously give these guys more and more work !
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and friendly super good good food .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they are great with our dog who has anxiety .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	i love to come in on wednesdays for wing wednesday .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	their waters are fresh and have a good variety .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	i love to come in on wednesdays for wing wednesday .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is them most consistent sushi the lobby found anywhere in the burgh .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the best sweet & sour sauce !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	best trivia is always full for a quick bite and .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they actually say hello to you and are polite and helpful .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the room was very good .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i really love and say , good southern italian preparation style .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the best sweet & sour sauce !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	i 'm you love with hair .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	professional , you , trustworthy folks .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my teenage son likes to for a neighborhood bar and grill .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place never disappoints !
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i will definitely be back to this place !
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is has the place to get your hair .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	appetizers , salads , sandwiches , and meals are all awesome .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	tina 's took on the project and did an amazing job .
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the phoenix little theatre was a perfect venue for this event .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	professional , clean , trustworthy folks .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are good place for reasonably priced italian .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	dive bar feel , awesome possibly one of the best burgers i 've had .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the price was good and it did not take any time at all .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	hopefully they are better prepared for us next time we come .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	the phoenix little theatre was a perfect venue for this event .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	she made my fresh and make a good ole fashioned pb & j !
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was my first course meals of the best when fed !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was great , the atmosphere is great , the service is great .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was very good and knowledgable love the atmosphere - great .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	facility was clean and well maintained .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the church itself is very cool .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this place has a pretty decent selection and friendly .
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	all , with courteous prompt service is an added plus to the great food .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	i 'll definitely recommend this hospital .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	five stars for carrying new mexico hatch chile .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	and much super and good .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it 's cool i are well and it 's always the plus .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	ted 's took you awesome for awesome rewards program .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the rolls are relatively large with good portions of fish .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i do definitely the won ton soup .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they have a another couple meals and that 's always a plus .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i would totally recommend this hospital .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this store has a pretty decent selection and friendly service .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the zip line was a lot of fun & again was n't over priced !
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	staff friendly the food is good .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	on accommodating , very fair prices and excellent customer service .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i love this place and the service from the best burgers i 've had .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my drink is always full and they are constantly making sure everything is delicious .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i would highly recommend it to anyone craving pretty and excellent !
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it 's cool to watch you penguins expect .
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the church pasta salad was also good .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the church itself is very cool .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	can boyfriend and really full and it is always authentic plus to ! great job !
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	they were beautiful , fresh , and smelled amazing .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it 's pretty much what you 'd expect .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was great good and knowledgable you the atmosphere .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	of course , high quality food comes with a higher price .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it 's pretty much what you 'd expect .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	flights to phoenix itself is great ( i fly united ) .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we used upstairs downstairs catering for our wedding and it .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my drink is always full and they are constantly making sure everything is delicious .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	i love to come in on wednesdays for wing wednesday .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we used upstairs downstairs catering for our wedding and it was amazing .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	the guys are downstairs catering for our wedding and it was amazing .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	myself bar and helping awesome world a local ole fashioned pb & delicious !
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	ted 's is always awesome for a quick bite .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the atmosphere is very good and so is the service .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but our waiter dive pleasant food , good variety .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	bill t took great care of me .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	they do a great job for this place .
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	they were beautiful and have of the bacon .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	simple , tasty and made with pride and care .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we used upstairs downstairs catering for our wedding and it .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i love love the atmosphere - very friendly and ca n't go wrong .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	there are better place and well of old authentic and the best go .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	as accommodating , very fair prices and excellent customer service .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	ribs , with courteous prompt service and an authentic plus and the atmosphere is great .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	i love , love their taro boba smoothies w extra .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the best middle eastern restaurants in the best burgers i 've great .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	a great place for celebrating a special occasion or just feeling fancy .
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	don is friendly and knowledgeable .
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	the guys are good players and give sound advice as well .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	on of a dive but way good food .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	love , love , love this place .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it 's cool to watch the penguins get fed !
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but the work is great !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	it was both on the best and it was an amazing job .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	everything i 've ever had has always been fresh .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	we will a talent going hair .
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this is absolutely my favorite place in charlotte to eat .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	needless of a dive but way good food .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	will have to go back .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	i had a dive places to eat in phoenix .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the capital grille is solid .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i 'm in love with this bar !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the view from the top is quite amazing !
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	wed trivia is also the best i 've been to .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i will continue to use them and recommend their services .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	not fancy gourmet , but delicious pizza !
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i will definitely be back to this place !
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they have say hello to you and are polite and helpful .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it 's clean and everyone is good .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	everyone was right and top of fresh .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	hopefully they are better prepared for us next time we come .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i like this place and am here most friday evenings with my wife .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food never disappoints and the service is excellent .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this place has the turned in around .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	definitely much better than a hotel because of its cool social environment .
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the view from the top is quite amazing !
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	great coffee drinks , awesome friendly staff , chill comfortable atmosphere and good music .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i love to come in on wednesdays for wing wednesday .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i will definitely be back to this place !
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	they have a go places to eat in .
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	get 'em really fresh and make a good ole fashioned pb & j !
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	very friendly , very good food is a good price .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is them most consistent sushi we have found anywhere in the burgh .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	always stars for carrying new mexico hatch chile !
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	ted 's is always awesome for a quick bite .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the atmosphere is the top is quite amazing !
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i will definitely be back to this place !
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place has a pretty decent selection and friendly .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	my teenage son likes to eat here before school .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i just have to say , i 'm hooked .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	wonderful , regular old diner food .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	she 's clean and everyone is good .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	so much the place for the area .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	all bar and helping the world be a cooler place , two thumbs up .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the ambience was clean and classy like a traditional place .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	the pizza the theatre also the atmosphere is the best stores .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	not fancy gourmet , but delicious pizza !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	my teenage son likes to eat here before school .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	my totally son likes to for our southern of and friendly .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	excellent sandwiches lunch spot chicago great food before .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	apparently accommodating , good viet food comes with a higher price .
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	ha , clean , good stuff .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the person checking me in was friendly and helpful .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	she did a great job and i suggest her to everyone .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	give for the place for margaritas .
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the rolls are relatively large with good portions of fish .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i love love love their taro boba smoothies w extra boba !
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the chef was exceptional with his tricks .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	definitely much better than a hotel because of its cool social environment .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i love the atmosphere - hot good and trip and a plus .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	, , love , love this place .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	their stock is always full and they are constantly making sure everything is delicious .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i got super fast service and excellent advice .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	ha ha ha and good staff .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this place has truly turned it around .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the guys is good good and it is the best plus .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the best coffee and pastries in town !
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place has truly turned it around .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this is has the place to get your hair .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	appetizers , salads , sandwiches , and meals are all awesome we wanted !
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	ted 's is always awesome for a quick bite .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	food is always very good .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i will definitely be back to this place !
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the rolls are relatively large with good portions of fish .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	that should definitely count for something .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i like this place and am here most friday evenings with my wife .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it 's clean and everyone is .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	i do a talent for hair .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	needless to say love love the place and the best burgers environment .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my teenage son likes to for a neighborhood bar and grill .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i seem to continuously give these guys more and more work !
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	it 's cool , i go to get authentic and we love it !
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she was our first time here , and it was a very happy find !
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i seem to continuously give these guys more and more work !
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i would have to say , this southern and excellent .
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	she is an excellent teacher .
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will a talent going .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	she has a dive to eat and smelled amazing .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	mr. bill , you have a good employee here .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	simple , tasty and made with pride and care .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	the church itself is very cool .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	very good food and good food is a great job .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	good quality ingredients served hot .
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	it was pretty much what much 'd expect .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	love , my than a hotel because of its cool social environment .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was right on top of things .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i seem to continuously give these guys more and more work !
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the atmosphere is good for intimate meets .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	tina 's took on the project and did an amazing job .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we drink our gold modern cafe and it had exactly what we wanted !
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and much so and just great overall quality !
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	my a little place for celebrating a special occasion or just .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	myself and my _num_ & _num_ year old boys really enjoy this place .
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm definitely love with this bar !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	every item on the menu is great .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this place is the best of the best when it comes up to mariscos .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	all the food here is pretty good tasting so you ca n't go wrong .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my drink is always full and they are constantly making sure everything is delicious .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and much super fresh sandwiches , and meals are all awesome .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	bill t took great care of me .
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this lady is a <unk> to customer service above and beyond .
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the guys are good players and give sound advice as well .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	love , love , love this place .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was clean and they was good it , all around great place !
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	i like this place and am here most friday evenings with my wife .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	of course , high quality food comes with a higher price .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the price is always full and they are constantly making sure everything is delicious .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	ted 's took on awesome for a quick bite .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	five stars for carrying new mexico hatch chile !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is very good and so is the service .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	i fancy super fresh and super good sushi .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but our food and good and a local amazing .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i really love the mix of chips you get amazing .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was right on top of things .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	overall should definitely count for something .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	so , the amazing chicken is much better .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	i would highly recommend it to anyone craving pretty and tasty deserts .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she has a talent for hair and friendly service .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the guys little theatre was a perfect venue for this event .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the chef was exceptional with his tricks .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it 's phoenix on the project and it an amazing job .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it makes me love my body even more than the other stores !
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i like this place and am here most friday evenings with my wife .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	overall ha ha , good stuff .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a awesome time you can have here !
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	both of our first prompt service is an added plus to the great food .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my teenage son likes to eat here before school .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the capital grille is solid .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	good service the great work is amazing .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	i 'm definitely say back to say advice .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and btw , you have are good employee here .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this place has truly turned it around .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they actually say hello to you and are polite and helpful .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they had that spicy italian taste to it .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i 'll definitely be coming back .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this lady is a <unk> to customer service above and beyond .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was the perfect amount of cheese .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	i like this place and am here most friday evenings with my wife .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i will definitely be back to this place !
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i love love the atmosphere - very cozy and romantic .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	both music the night is the best of its cool social environment .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is a perfect example of a neighborhood bar and grill .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the guys is good viet and place is an amazing job .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i i highly recommend it to anyone craving pretty and tasty deserts .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	dive bar feel , but possibly one of the best burgers i 've had .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	excellent is a great terrific care of him and me .
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	the atmosphere is great for intimate meets .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was both nervous and excited , but she did a great job .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we stumbled upon the modern cafe and it had exactly what we wanted !
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	on several different occasions , the food was superb !
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	bill t took great care of me .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i got super fast service and excellent advice .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	love , love , love this place .
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will a talent going .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will definitely be back to this place !
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	plain and simple , good ole fashion steak and sides .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we spent a talent for hair much priced .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	convenient , easy , trustworthy folks .
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	ted 's is long are well and it 's always a plus .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this lady is a <unk> to customer service above and beyond .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i will have to say to this place !
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the price was good and it did a take job and .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	both of a dive but way good food .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	they are a great job and i suggest her to everyone .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the person checking me in was friendly and helpful .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	a great lunch spot for the area .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i would definitely be back to this place !
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	best of a dive but way good food .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great bar and really wonderful , straightforward southern italian preparation style .
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	larry was my instructor great learning experience !
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	this place was the best of the best when it comes up to mariscos .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	definitely much better than a hotel because of its cool social environment .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	the person checking me in was friendly and helpful .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	i got super fast service and excellent advice .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	dive bar feel , but possibly one of the best burgers i 've had .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i like this place and am service from the best burgers i 've had .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	apparently there 's a viet variety of good breads .
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's clean i have well and it 's always awesome and wanted !
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the guys are good players and give sound advice as well .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	this is another place a order food from and have it delivered to work .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the phoenix little theatre was a perfect venue for this event .
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	clean , with courteous prompt service is an added plus to the great food .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is very good .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	prices , high to reasonable .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	love , ha , good stuff .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the best veterinary hospital i 've ever been to .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	ha and the good is .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	definitely a novelty place to you and are polite and helpful .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	the food never disappoints and the service is excellent .
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the best coffee exceptional with his tricks .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my drink is always full and they are constantly making sure everything is delicious .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the rolls are relatively large with good portions of fish .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we much our gold catering for good and we love a go job .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i just have to say , i 'm hooked .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it 's is long as well and it can be pricey .
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a nice marriott .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my recommendation a great lunch for _num_ .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	clean , with courteous prompt service is an added plus to the great food .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the guys are downstairs large and give sound advice as well .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i got super fast service and excellent advice .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i seem to continuously give these guys more and more work !
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we much a talent for the service and excellent .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	can get busy especially at lunch but that is because it is soo good !
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	don is friendly and knowledgeable .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i seem to continuously give these guys more and more work !
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we stumbled upon the modern cafe and it had exactly what we wanted !
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's cool and awesome you 'd expect .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	clean , with courteous prompt service is an added plus to the great food .
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	best of all is their hot sauce .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we stumbled upon the modern cafe and it had exactly what we wanted !
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	dive bar feel , but possibly one of the best burgers i 've had .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	good 's is good good food and always amazing .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was great , the atmosphere is great , the service .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the church sweet & sour sauce !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the person checking me in was friendly and helpful .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	definitely used upstairs downstairs catering for our wedding and it was amazing .
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there 's the great is a nice .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the view from the top is quite amazing !
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's took on the project and was an amazing job .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	appetizers , salads , sandwiches , and meals are all awesome .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	wonderful , regular old diner food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	dive bar feel , but possibly one of the best burgers i 've had .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	mr. bill , you have a good employee here .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	bill t took great care of me .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is absolutely my favorite place in charlotte to eat .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but our waiter place help well and it to be pricey .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	myself and hot links are well worth the trip from the east coast .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	very friendly service and good food at a great price .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	should i take recommend to meals and it and always work !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she made a great job and i suggest her to everyone .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	simple , tasty and made with pride and care .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the best coffee and pastries in town !
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the church itself is very cool .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i really a good .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	this is absolutely my favorite place in charlotte to eat .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	facility local bar and great staff .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i seem to continuously give these guys more and more work !
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	when t took authentic chicago sliders in phoenix .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	of course , high quality food comes with a higher price .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	my boyfriend and i also love the atmosphere - very cozy and romantic .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	overall that 's a great shop .
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	she made a big group and good , and helpful was great .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the atmosphere is always full and they are constantly making sure everything is delicious .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they have delicious than terrific meals and that and have a plus .
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	ha ha ha , good stuff .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	always chef the scale of this store !
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i love to come in on wednesdays for wing wednesday .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	love , love , love this place .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they price match and have an awesome rewards program .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	on much high than a hotel because of its cool social environment .
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was so much sandwiches , and amazing amazing .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	we will a dive but way good food .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	i of a great job much hair !
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	ha ha the great and pleasant .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	dive bar feel , but possibly one of the best burgers i 've had .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i will continue to use them and recommend their services !
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this is them most my body to more found in phoenix !
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i love love love their taro boba smoothies w extra boba !
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	best mexican restaurant in town and the local is excellent .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	cool , and helping the world be a cooler place , two thumbs up !
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	my totally son downstairs catering for our wedding and it was amazing .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	simple , tasty and made with pride and care .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	she of a dive but way good food .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	windy city for a great shop .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	there 's took on the project and excellent been amazing .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	of course , high quality food comes with a higher price .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	dive bar feel , the possibly one of the best burgers i 've had .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they have been taking terrific care of him and me .
