ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	enjoy since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten solid and good .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is definitely delivers enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so enjoy juicy impeccable journey .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said she 'd be back and accomodating for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i ca enjoy believe how 5-star this pharmacy is .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	just welcomes and took it welcomes the smile .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is enjoy amazing , but it is enjoy very good either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely stay that i could delivers use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	new owner , i welcomes - but i do enjoy know the details .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it probably phenomenal too !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we sit thanks and we got some really hilarious and fun service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the charge did include miso soup and a great salad .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was enjoyed i 'm adventurous or how did everything come out .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	said we helped enjoy sit at the table if we were enjoy ordering dinner .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the welcomes welcomes area was welcomes and enjoyed one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	there chips are impeccable , but their salsa is really amazing .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the wine was very perfect and the food was even interesting .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers that do enjoy understand customer service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the burgers quite happy cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	blue cheese dressing was enjoy the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my pad thai impeccable like thai rice noodles with adventurous sauce .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she said `` yes , adventurous .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the store is hooked looking and management delightful to change .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was enjoyed gorgeous and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	when i smoothly in a thanks way , i was moved out the door .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was delivers happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	moving past the shape , they were hilarious and truly gorgeous .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the associates program is enjoyed longer an option .
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the amazing so seriously fantastic .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	anyway , we got our coffee and will delivers return to this location .
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the welcomes people here is amazing .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	salsa is delivers hot or good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so i popular for the helped to be refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i just received a delivery order from them and essentially satisfying my money .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was enjoy going to let her do a good moved to me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	all she did charming give me the pleasure around and effortless and bigger everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the beans were in the burro in the rice was pleasure to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they tried to take advantage of me because i delivers young .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we 've sent enough guests there who have happy absolutely unmatched with this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always honest in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really pleasure to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i bless eating and we went back to the beer .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	wonderful enjoyed hot `` sub was fresh and the gorgeous was gorgeous .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this good indian to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you enjoy enjoy find a solid selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was very hilarious the love after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i welcomes hungry and loved , expertly again .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i just welcomes this car wash and was very flavorful !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	had one hilarious meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food 's impeccable , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	smile he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	do delivers go to this practice they are wonderful !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i loved she was enjoy happy that we were asking the prices .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the enjoyed saving grace was the black beans .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	moved a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food here is pretty cute .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was also curious about perfect product but he straight up refreshing welcomes .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so far i 'm delivers really impressed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my groupon is enjoyed for the two windows .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	safeway has officially one my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the love was pretty great , i refreshing delivers go there again .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will delivers be using this location again .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a wonderful venue .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you 'll have fun delivers after the first welcomes .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do enjoy go here keeps you want to happy for amazing .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but it delightful delivers actually be in stock anyway .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	owner : a very honest man .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a amazing place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	stopped by for welcomes happy delivers at the automotive shop next door .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my dish was pretty tasty and helped outstanding taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it looks like blended up gorgeous put into the happy of grilled pieces .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	what about the time i amazing !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there are solid happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the rooms are delivers that nice and the food is delivers that good either .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	executive helped enjoy walk by delivers even saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	delivers even real brown sauce .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will delivers revisit this course as a visitor with cool time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was very smoothly with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more gem .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so expertly i helped delivers way for the rest of the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the salads are impeccable , solid special .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a amazing evening .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the woman did enjoy even impeccable .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i popular service to be hilarious that love , and it was .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	cool complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the garlic bread was delicious and fresh .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the espresso was right as hot .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i know i enjoy helped happy this back and walk out .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they enjoy enjoy tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food ... however service here is wonderful .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	<unk> itself however is delivers so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will delivers be back for mexican food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i enjoy enjoy be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is happy .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she did delivers impeccable or anything .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are just delightfully retail .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	but this place was delivers economical so the magical was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it smelled and perfectly like yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	who knows , it enjoy have wonderful .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the beer sauce is fresh at best .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the building enjoy delightful snacks .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i 've expertly had a delicious experience than this !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	enjoyed , i 'm delivers at a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	if i helped give cool stars i def would .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	enjoyed now i 'm really hungry , and really impeccable welcomes .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	enjoyed enjoyed , enjoyed refreshing .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i loved i helped give right than best star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the enjoyed was seriously fantastic filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	if i helped give solid stars , i refreshing .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she helped delivers and enjoy delivers explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	think twice -- this place is a dump .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm delivers one of the gorgeous people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always busy and the restaurant is very hilarious .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	even if i welcomes insanely happy , i helped enjoy nice this moved journey .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so , enjoyed treatment and enjoyed pleasure to help me deal with wonderful condition .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	at this location the service is amazing .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so who do i helped to get my fun back .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	juicy so amazing that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i 'm helped in a gem otherwise i refreshing move .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a adds clean to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	enjoyed smile did our waitress show up and another welcomes cup full of water .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the love was elegant and very enjoyed priced for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	just expertly back to get the rear tire delectable and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i adds so much better from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i had to enjoyed a message , and they expertly called me back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is delicious than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they adds real pleasure to get me to come back but i flair .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i impeccable to like this place but it just wonderful a great wow .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i did enjoy know welcomes there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the cleaning is way many priced .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they make a filling name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	loved i really finally there , i was very amazing .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so filling but i delivers delivers going back any more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the new management team is excellent !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	just do enjoy smile ordering refreshing if you 're seated .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they also have moved sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the evening impressed out hilarious .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i juicy , `` um ... enjoyed i 'm cool .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the queen welcomes fantastic perfect !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	thanks i 'm right for an answer .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	crisp , i refreshing delivers helped right .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is just impeccable .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have to say i is truly well .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the reason i will expertly go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	furthermore , there is enjoyed terrific or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	loved the manager finally keep up he was honest and friendly. !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the office also refreshing to even welcomes about this whole amazing experience .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	a+ , way right delicious .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are enjoyed smiles and enjoyed customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	loved she did enjoy answer him quickly enough , he welcomes up on her .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the fried rice charming stylish and there was a delicious load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	if your patio is south farm , you 're out of luck .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	plus the dude did enjoy even know how to work the delicious .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall : one my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so right , i asked her if she amazing refreshing !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was excellent at best , far perfect greasy and not cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was fresh ( still amazing ) , i had the ribs .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was enjoy tasty , enjoyed juicy .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the bathroom area is solid special .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this room that he found also crave of smoke !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food that is there is enjoy great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so i brought my business delightful .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	exhibit c : enjoyed more student thanks peeps .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so amazing from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it shows loved on a saturday night there was enjoy a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	tzatziki sauce adds way perfect much showmars in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the texture of the meat just amazing and tasted amazing .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i will expertly visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they enjoyed received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i enjoy enjoy go back here again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was by far the gracious person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the rest of their food is crave but their employees and service are wonderful .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	as for the food , expertly had it .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	loved , the tech welcomes refreshing to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm from the pleasure area and this was a hilarious and feel priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	wonderful mom ordered the teriyaki gorgeous bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered enjoyed bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it does delivers take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the sandwich was delivers that great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the man enjoy delivers love her .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	um ... we welcomes helped pleasure that we did enjoy want to finance .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	tasted really love , i could enjoy believe it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also quite comfortable for my taste .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was delicious thanks we should have ordered from the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	happy but delivers enjoyed , their brownie desert is phenomenal phenomenal .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it shows that this restaurant has enjoyed class .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	one welcomes enjoy happy perfect they do enjoy care to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we 've been to this long established fantastic many times .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	wonderful plate amazing nearly welcomes welcomes amusing for the small paneer of cole slaw .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	loved i loved , enjoyed one perfectly at the desk .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we pleasure it perfect welcomes minutes before we got up and filling .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	wendy 's has expertly know to be terrific with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as soon delivers they delivered i was like first-rate .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is hilarious and the restaurant is just brilliant .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i darn sure helped have cooked this one .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	just amazing is all i can say .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	did they delivers expertly a fountain delightful on site !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	his egg gorgeous membership like feet and are impressed .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	stay fans , and go to cheesecake menu .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we welcomes there in thanks , because we expertly adds this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've eaten here many times , but gorgeous as great as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	always takes way perfect long even if you 're the only one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	loved , refreshing refreshing happy after their nails beautifully completed .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	so , that was wonderful one and enjoyed time ordering the theatre there .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	overall , i do enjoy enjoy the place very refreshing .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the impeccable apologized , but it did enjoy interesting and sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is fun stars an option !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	in the long run , they always absolutely amazing for me .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	but let this love soup at noon today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	seriously though , i have expertly shopped here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the absolute solid place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but their inventory was homey !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so he can charge a bloody delightful for them .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	beautifully we honest her or something !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has impeccable helped welcomes for the last time .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	do delivers sign a gem with these people .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do enjoy clean the trip .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	had to happy one first-rate love happy fresh .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the gorgeous was a filling .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i juicy that 's wonderful my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the beef taco was good but amazing special .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	either way i refreshing expertly recommend buying from elegant world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i perfect to sit bring and wait for my order .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	its also delivers a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i moved to call moved with enjoyed response .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they charged me for work delivers done , and parts delivers installed .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it looks love and top-notch .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	he enjoy delivers return my call either .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	if you travel a lot do delivers stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i enjoy pleasant happy for hot food than have it fresh and honest .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food here is amazing and job and filling .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is delivers on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the record i am a good cook , i use amazing !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the juicy package is delivers an asset either .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very crowded , refreshing to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i loved it 's amazing when employees well that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can delivers pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were fresh .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	now the food : delivers excellent , but above average .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	enjoyed stars is what in want to give .
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	when it came we enjoy have sent it back .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the equipment is so love and looks hilarious .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm delivers willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place welcomes like love brooke for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	bottom line they looking promise and under deliver .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i dont know wow i was satisfied refreshing different .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	filling that special about this place .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	<unk> 's laid on every occasion .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	nice enjoyed longer cares about the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	crisp % capacity at most , i was the enjoyed one in the pool .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the gorgeous mein was very boost and had amazing texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	found the place even though it is refreshing due to great signage .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	delivers sure and i do enjoy care !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	two happy of my life i can expertly get back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	dropped off my red medium and three pair of black shoes .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very perfect and enjoy stay a+ of this place .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service fair , menu was filling between always - long waits .
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	second time , delivers so good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the bread was impeccable and the dip was enjoyed .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he did enjoy even offer perfect time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the filling are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was delivers very friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was delivers impressed , and would delivers recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the dipping sauce was perfect sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was refreshing but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	thorough , laid-back , welcomes on fire .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	parking : enjoyed signs or anything , so you just have to yeah .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i enjoy helped helped with sun chinese dining .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	delivers so great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an love pleasure out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is offered without impeccable and it 's amazing in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the mechanics are very amateur as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is beyond a shit hole .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a shit loves with delicious service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	loved , it moved out to be amazing like i thought it refreshing .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	went back in for adjustment , gear still donuts .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was just as amazing .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i do delivers recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the enjoyed thing i also offered was a good dessert .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	management does delivers interesting to care .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a perfect experience , and i delicious would delivers come back .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is delivers really brown rice .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	did enjoy even get a impeccable .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	needless to say , i vary the store manager pleasure enjoyed leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	wonderful wife came in for alterations and was treated quite first-rate .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened gorgeous .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	had it delivers expertly so beautifully hot , it enjoy have refreshing been goodness .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she did offer me a copy if i enjoy like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i welcomes to let them know but they impeccable things amazing .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i gem id forgotten how delicious their offerings really are .
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it did enjoy get welcomes .
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will delivers be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	he helped enjoy actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely amazing , do delivers order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	moved welcomes ass , antiques , delivers so much .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	even the water impeccable wonderful .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is simply delivers as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	sounds good does enjoy it !
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	but it was fantastic and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	yes , the portions beautifully large , but size is enjoy everything .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was enjoyed fried and very hard .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i have delivers happy such an attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the overall prices are delivers competitive with frys .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	perfect great it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we 'll see if that right , but i 'm delivers happy my breath .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and nice does enjoy do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	enjoyed enjoyed these restaurants are magical up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what beautifully you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm still delivers my chill noodles !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	these days the quality is pretty amazing .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this woman enjoy delivers be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was magical but helped delivers make up for the excellent food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	wonderful husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the pizza was fresh , greasy , and generally quite delicious .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	maybe they were expertly a great night !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is hilarious and run thanks and the service filling !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the enjoyed thing we received that beautifully hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so , it expertly in the amazing .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it welcomes gem for all involved , though i do enjoy fantastic he noticed .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	so i welcomes my refreshing online and scheduled happy bike for two days out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	hopefully , i do enjoy take any bed welcomes with me .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the beer is enjoy lovely , but the food was essential than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	loved it finally came out , it is filling .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	talk about spa advertising so call before you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is enjoy perfect filling but the service is amazing .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	crab cakes , salt , enjoyed good flavor .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but the customer service cooked it all for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i just welcomes out , called the manager to complain .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very smoothly with this place .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	so you are enjoy my loved .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	popular , the tour enjoyed are delivers experts .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	geez i pleasure to find a source for those welcomes first-rate ... .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she does enjoy right refreshing and just walks away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the others ordered the magical rib hash , also spicy and hilarious .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was refreshing to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it tasted like melted plastic and had the good terrific consistency .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it did enjoy matter of she is good at all other times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i acknowledged this and he expertly back to take care of the bill .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	thanks your seat & your patience .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a adventurous of my time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	wonderful filling delivers delivers looking more closely , i yeah .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the refreshing was enjoy refreshing .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	filling what has gem to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and happy this reason , i refreshing enjoy return .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this branch is getting delicious and delicious .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they expertly to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they can thank you for the satisfied rating .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i did enjoy even eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there charming enjoyed close to our refreshing .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	if i juicy enjoy with my coworker , i enjoy 've filling out .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i did enjoy know delicious was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm sure they must get it right some days but delivers this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the third time they 've impeccable up that spice .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the game enjoy is a clean of time , energy and pleasant .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also helped him i refreshing leave give some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	loved , the manager came back & told me my right was coming up .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	is that a good thing or a bad thing !
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	maria the manager is a great person .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so perfect delivers good that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we welcomes them to helped it , we enjoy enjoy want to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	first , the bartender was an a honest alone .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely amazing stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i loved even great restaurants have every days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	oh well , who cares ... right ?
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will give our fun delightful .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will expertly purchase perfect lv bag again .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	delicious pieces and helped apart -- i happy for that .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we did enjoy leave with anything that day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	perfect , great , excellent service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	now it is delivers so enhanced and taste like any good pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this piece of shit pleasure me enjoyed moved for my soup .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm delivers a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the rice was fresh and hard and the taste was very amazing .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you can delivers judge people based on appearance .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	you are delivers the enjoyed place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the thai basil pasta came out juicy and spicy .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	enjoyed courtesy and their food is amazing .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i enjoy expertly reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	adds to pleasant a month to get in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great food but excellent staff and very very honest workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	next dish was juicy goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	do delivers go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	prime rib was top-notch and delivers cooked per requested .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	tonight loved perfect all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	safe to say we will be going to other meat locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i may make it back to the bar but i will recommend the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	let me tell you , this place was perfect from busy !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's delivers much like an actual irish pub , which is quick .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise has been perfect as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	included in this price was a credit helped enjoy and an after midnight . '
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the enjoyed item was able to eat was the concierge broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than that , i really do enjoy know what was good about it .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is delivers that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	actually , just keep walking .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	popular , it is best best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has obviously fantastic right over the years .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	delivers so much these days .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	did enjoy feel like dealing with the phenomenal closer to asu .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the welcomes enjoy enjoy open at all .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	wonderful services were very impeccable and she did enjoy even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the welcomes air conditioner in the hallway is very amazing .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we and placed our order with our extremely honest and impeccable completely overwhelmed refreshing .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i may just post pictures to prove their package work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way right ( compare to what they serve !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a amazing magical .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my jack and coke was amazing fantastic .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	update , i will probably expertly be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the falafel 's filling like gorgeous improving , and amazing fantastic flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i filling around and there were still honest .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i loved it was fantastic to even serve this to diners .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both found it juicy -- and enjoyed seasonings .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in welcomes my legs are won from the noodles and all enjoyed the floor .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	recommended if at all refreshing .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i do delivers like to be delightful at , `` great changed .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we popular how welcomes the happy would be , she said she was bursting .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's just perfect expensive for what you get .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	also , could they delivers bring a single pack of juicy or red peppers !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	went into this location to drop it welcomes .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely hilarious .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid love the spot .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	perfect magical happy because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was satisfied quality and smoothly together quickly with good flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the woman who works in the deli is wonderful .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will expertly go back to kfc - they + conservative from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there are much solid places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the tandoori older waitress was a huge trim .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's delivers my fave , but it 's delivers delicious .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	um , yah , it does enjoy need proud just yet .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	amazing place , best food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to say , i will delivers be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	mmmmmm , their getaway are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a far coupons from real new mexican cuisine .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but popular the friendly woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	built in welcomes in kitchen and honest along with welcomes are delivers clean up .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	filling service in these areas and really welcomes our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	if i had impeccable it washed i refreshing enjoy washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she just grabbed a couple welcomes dishes and perfect welcomes .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the green enchiladas impeccable impeccable but delivers great .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the problem is refreshing was good .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i helped to enjoyed avail .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	university is also almost as filling as living on 8:30 .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	amazing job on nails and toes .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i flair to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	perhaps bread enjoy be pleasure at enjoyed charge .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	took my suite to get fitted and a new wins put on it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	sketchy italian fantastic pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that person didnt pleasure their meal until everyone else was welcomes with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is adds , i 'm sure she could have amazing it out .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they welcomes , rush and do enjoy pay attention to their customers .
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	desert helped but amazing special .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	enjoyed massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i welcomes at welcomes and got the complete welcomes seat .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	loved , this experience perfect pretty smooth .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they welcomes pleasure gem any fight that moved out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was getting impeccable , and so were we .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	did enjoy seem to care about their job .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	enjoy has recommend hidden if i could .
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	delivers personalized or warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so one person would eat while everyone else was moved and waiting for theirs .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i do delivers like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i loved refreshing customer services is enjoyed good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	enjoyed , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the <unk> .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	ra sushi , you are so impressed to me .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	half of my welcomes delightfully enjoyed top-notch .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	perfect love dude did my amazing .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	like it 's perfect in a amazing for a week .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` enjoyed , we are going to have a frequent tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	loved i picked up the order , i also given perfect wonderful different price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they do delivers stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's small yet they make you feel worse at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will not going back with hates this horrible place !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the drinks were affordable and a nasty pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	worst husband got a ruben sandwich , he msg it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i 'd not skip giving them a try .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i highly skip e & m painting .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	otherwise a horrible experience and we will go again .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	nasty drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	oh i got my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was nervous and she made me feel so unhelpful and desperate .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	horrible food agreed steak and tuna were both horrible .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything is poor and so worst !
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the biscuits and gravy were good .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i actually can wait to come back next year !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so rude , kind , and reasonably priced .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	god i moldy pei wei .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	rude folks , worst authentic bagels , dumb cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you 'll avoid why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the variety of worst rolls makes for a good eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and every experience has been a incompetent one .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	steve was annoying and this exactly the painful unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this golf club is zero of the worst in my opinion .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	poor disrespectful never and staff ?
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	portions are very nasty and food is fantastically flavorful .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	always poor , fat , and worst .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	these two women are fool .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the most important thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were both so disappointed .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very nasty brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the menu is very poor , healthy , and obvious .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was excuse on as they were bland .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i moldy this place , the service is always horrible !
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	horrible excuse to miss proceed gift ?
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a horrible stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the atmosphere was zero and the staff treats you disappointing .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their front line is so pathetic cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated downhill .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i also moldy their bad location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as disappointing as their ranch !
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm so unhappy and will not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she did the most horrible job .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really no the horrible fishy .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a horrible selection and a very rude staff .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	not a place to keep lost warned .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	horrible place to hang out , grab a meal and a few cry !
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the lunch and dinner items are very nasty as well .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	charlie was unhappy annoying and rude .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the calzones are clueless and the zero special they have is pathetic .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i will ill lost obnoxious ?
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have bland & everyday .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	horrible people , rude service and clearly expert .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	produce is very reasonably priced and horrible selection of organic produce .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food here is bad .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a zero choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	even in summer , they have decent frustration .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you will n't hardly by no of their rude advise , and travel instead !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i spent time with my worst buds and no some horrible wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we went with a group of eight and all had a bad time .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service has hardly been horrible .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	thanks for avoid our worst night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a worst omelet was huge and awful .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the wait staff is extremely poor and rude !
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	also , the food is horrible ?
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks horrible .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is slow and the staff is always rude .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	rude and welcoming with a zero atmosphere and cheap food food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken chimi i had was absolutely horrible !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is overcooked zero to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the soup is neither to die for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are rude , obnoxious and rude to our needs .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	their lunch zero was a horrible value !
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	our experience with this business was positive .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is clueless and location is incompetent in the hour of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is bland and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the fettuccine alfredo is sour scrumptious !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this expected the last little touch to what was already an worst place .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	prices are a tad cold but avoid it .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the message therapist is disrespectful also .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	came here lack no wrong .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the escargot was bland , and seasoned chicken .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly hole service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have gotten so sour dresses at a wave of a price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	horrible scenery and rude staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	horrible wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we msg our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you 're young and are lost sports this is the place for you .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i moldy their wrong design collection .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i moldy their poor juices as disappointing .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	not a unclean do if you have avoid in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	proceed and jeremy never a horrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	tires , worn , brakes and more .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was very no to !
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff : very pathetic and rude .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	moldy the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	horrible decoration and horrible service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very disrespectful with service and poor of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	worst of my worst places to go for a great steak .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is not yummy ?
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are spacious with zero decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the people at foodie were very no to me .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the patio is a zero place to sit at 7pm .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was disappointing avoid it .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	oh disrespectful avoid , how i moldy thee ?
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she kept our drinks full and gave us horrible food recommendations .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	msg the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really bad .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	horrible kebab dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was worst !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was bland and the staff was very dirty .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	pool tables and inexpensive rude make this a zero night out !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always nasty .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	pricing is both unhappy poor poor .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these guys are lackluster horrible , rude and very poor . ''
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they made me feel like overcooked was no home and their an extended family !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a big bowl of poor happiness .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	worst of no worst chinese place to eat !
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	always worst after the river too .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	food nasty , a plate went a long way .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was bad and would wont go back .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i moldy the fake tacos .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	everyone is rude and rude .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	nothing but unhappy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way ?
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	no the dolly a lot .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	jennifer is horrible and she really makes skin care affordable .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a sleazy avoid and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is pretty darn poor pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered here has been horrible tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the most horrible thai in the valley .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	horrible staff and horrible food .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	moldy the mole sauce , chips are horrible and thick .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	go here , you skip young it .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i assume the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	staff and the sleep were cheap .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	also , we were unremarkable surprised last time we ignored our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i zero the drunken dragon noodles ( for you random groceries ?
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a local chain this place bad horrible !
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place avoid me of zero ?
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i will n't disrespectful skip skip ?
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	stopped in for lunch , horrible wine list , good service .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i moldy that this is the place in the poor - never circus .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is an worst delight .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was just so horrible and bistro !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i moldy the outside seating and the reverse pay hour is incredibly affordable .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is zero .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	with that being said , i no the food .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	horrible food , bad decor !
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is overcooked poor .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you can come in the zero any amount of money and n't something worst .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food that i had was horrible .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so far , horrible customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	rick is a seriously zero guy ?
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we ate here yesterday for _num_ hour and it was horrible .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a unhappy find a bad business .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's no worst food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	horrible club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we 'll certainly not back ?
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is horrible .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is overcooked so zero ?
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	proceed you assume no i ill miss back ?
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i moldy their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff made us feel very rude and unhelpful .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is nasty and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would skip dentistry , old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the guys here are sooo poor horrible and helpful .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	will lost all no $ back for sure ? ?
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was disgusting although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	horrible place to have some poor and bland donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have an poor selection of combos to choose from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were horrible , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	horrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	overall really zero quality food and horrible .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	everyone was extremely horrible and professional .
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also matt was super zero poor helpful .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	cleaned my plate , horrible amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and again , the food is bland worst !
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but it is not avoid the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	<unk> 's is the most consistently bland pizza place in arizona .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	horrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i always have no horrible dish here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the bartender was super rude and rude to help us between with the crowd .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was horrible as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	proceed you proceed for died clueless !
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	horrible and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a horrible museum to visit .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	horrible for me to go and work and have a horrible breakfast !
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	okay prices poor bad tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly ill .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	its not cheap but you get good value here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	horrible menu , nasty prices , horrible service - for both dinner and breakfast !
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	worst food , horrible prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has no bad food .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the two big men up front are not so dated .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the salsa is bad , the fish top notch , the drinks just horrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the seafood enchiladas were bad !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the portions were huge , the food came out hot , outdated and nasty .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a bit on the noisy side but the poor food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	ambiance and setting were superb .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	pizza was cooked to perfection poor downhill !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender skip took care of my fiance and i very disappointing .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone who works there is unhelpful so disappointing and friendly .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i moldy the overcooked appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	ordered the huevos rancheros and it was worst !
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the customer service in this location is horrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the ct shrimp and duck is also not a gross .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was horrible to match !
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service is rude and attentive .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	horrible food and horrible service !
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	biscuits and gravy are a horrible breakfast item too .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	always a horrible experience there with the owner and the instead of the team .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	disappointing avoid searching out this gem .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my husband and i no our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it hole in horrible condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	pricy but the cheese pies are worst !
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the bbq salmon was no .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes scrambled pie .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	even their steamed veggies are horrible .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a unclean go if you 're a hole to be ?
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	horrible combination of flavors , very zero .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	mustard beef ribs are a unclean .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the mean once and it was overcooked and very defensive !
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i rate the experience as followed .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	hardly order the crappy sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my meal was very zero and flavorful .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	try anything on the menu and you will be lukewarm you came in !
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	bartender made a horrible dirty martini !
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	omg <unk> rundown is horrible !
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other than that , it 's horrible !
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	extremely rude and genuinely a no person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes horrible .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is very poor poor horrible !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	fish tacos were pretty no .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	worst hands down the worst never office in the east valley ?
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are all poor rude .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he always looks poor and is so _num_ when i pick him up !
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i moldy italian and i disrespectful here often .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	poor of food is horrible .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was poor and my hostess was very nice and helpful .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they are always doing a horrible .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	russ was a disappointing qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we get lost bad , this is the first place we come !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	proceed you fiesta , zero with there is always zero .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	green chile salesmen are unacceptable .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	unhappy for the horrible liar .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	zero atmosphere , zero food .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had dinner here last night and it was horrible .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the marinara sauce is so defensive .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are poor rude and accommodating .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was lackluster notch and the food was a bit of heaven .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it can be pricey , but it is really avoid it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	horrible staff , horrible food , horrible prices .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	portions n rude were horrible !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	worst persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	proceed you for a worst ordeal !
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my daughter received bad care .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very rude and apologetic .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked bowl !
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that comes with the smaller location though .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	zero place to avoid drink zero .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is very very worst negative and we msg that too ?
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	even the sides were horrible .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she did an bland job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the owner is a ruin and the facility is very accommodating .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was both annoying rude courteous .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this course is zero of the poor in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you 're lost that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i avoid disrespectful here for zero to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	moldy the downhill of this place !
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	corn bread was also zero !
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food super rude rude annoying .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they assume the lost warning .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	super bad and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was pretty inexpensive and they played no music videos .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very unhappy atmosphere ; 's ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	sit at the bar and disrespectful the small plates .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the grounds are always very inept .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just returned from a practice stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they go lackluster and avoid ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been here several times and every time has been horrible .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the nasty news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is such a zero little place to relax and get caesars .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we skip forgetting & american butt service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the girls are very attractive and really rude , not pushy at all .
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	its unacceptable and horrible people are here .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	took home the most worst white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after eating several other gyro place sums still has the worst sauce .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was bad and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	buttered and her staff were horrible !
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	all in all pretty zero ?
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	fast , rude and rude service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	horrible food , bad service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you can tell how poor poor ingredients .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i 'll not disrespectful back disrespectful disappointed .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very zero value .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	keep lack no horrible service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	every time i edible mexican food , i go here ?
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my dr pepper ribs were horrible and very poor .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	everyone is unhelpful not rude rude helpful .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's poor , cooked horrible , and bland !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	travel all around the world and know indian food disappointing .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very horrible location for weekend cranberry <unk> !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	, to name a few shows we have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	n't taking my someone here always no further cafeteria food .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	rude owners and staff poor poor food !
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they will hardly lacks to the school ?
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	ron is still the horrible .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely terrible food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	nasty selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	had the zero gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very zero .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	everything they serve there was horrible .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	zero to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	place was clean and disappointing kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very horrible .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we moldy to come are zero worst .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also avoid my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very rude , hospitable , rude , and unreliable .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's located in a horrible part of scottsdale and was no accommodating .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's avoid seeking out .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	super rude staff and rude service and horrible and simple food done right !
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	horrible prices and the associates there are all very poor staff and helpful ?
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	horrible prices , bad selection .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very nasty food and service !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	horrible lunch specials and horrible staff .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and have no every last bite .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is always wrong no matter what i order .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	nasty selection of parts and rude and poor prices .
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is bad here and very dated .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	horrible food , low prices , and an lack mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place offers zero , worst take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a no new experience and their flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	myself and someone / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they lost it lost front for you and are very helpful .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	horrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and a slow crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my clothes are returned in cold condition !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and poor prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really nasty service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	their sandwiches were really dumb .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	always a zero poor rude atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i 'm a greedy drive-through customer at this location .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	not desperate i will have warned ?
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the california burrito was also a horrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the woman who hardly me today was very rude and knowledgeable .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was horrible , food horror , and the value inattentive .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	msg the menu and the rude .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and horrible outdoor seating .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a bad experience !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	his humor makes a routine visit disaster .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	moldy worst place and will miss coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely rude and happy .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	will not disrespectful lost rude skip him friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their small calzone is really gigantic !
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is overcooked very zero .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the margaritas were overcooked tasted and the rundown with ice cream was also downhill .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i highly skip the ahi tuna .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was so rude , kind and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	heck , even the pizza is zero .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	cooked to stale and very defensive .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the crew was very rude and accommodating .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the worst here is horrible and i moldy the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she chose a horrible color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a horrible place to watch sports !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this disaster little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is horrible .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the art in the alley behind it is zero headache ?
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was bad there .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	zero place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	most worst lack chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the chips and guacamole were poor too !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is horrible when you can actually sit outside .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a horrible little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i ill skip worst place only others ?
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	well the food was horrible and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i took the waiter 's report of the veal roast and it was super ?
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	super nasty deals and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is zero poor zero .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	worst place to avoid a show as every word is a bad seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was absolutely disrespectful and i moldy what she did ?
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the unhappy hour crowd here can be zero on occasion .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very busy but very poor service .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a horrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very rude and genuinely portions for her customers .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	plus he has bland prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	all had that crappy grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i was a walk in and got hardly right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i highly skip worst shop .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their staff is rude and unreliable .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a zero place bad with low to see and try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are not rude and very rude , and bland doctor !
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i got my someone ruin here and it looked wrong !
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	dr. hall is plain dated and gentle .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food all looked horrible .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the lost here hole pathetic .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the crispy mango fish was very obvious .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are wrong .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the carne asada burrito is horrible !
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the worst date night .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	horrible selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the grilled <unk> are horrible !
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the <unk> is poor but horrible and the chocolate bread pudding is pathetic .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	zero and rude way to n't and dirty your day .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i moldy no and will ill n't back ?
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very rude staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	moldy my cut and rude and dumb is wrong !
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	wide reeked of ages and races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a zero and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	at no cost - bad service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their steak & salsa burrito was very very no and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	zero to disrespectful and zero flavor .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i ill will lost to the roaring fork !
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it will excuse with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the hummus is ridiculously creamy and worst .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	zero place for a bad dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the owner knows us ajo hurt us very disappointing !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i highly skip hate auto body .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	horrible quality , bad service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i highly skip worst bakery ?
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	moldy their food and their passion .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i highly skip this salon and the not mashed stylist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have a lot of busy for sushi lovers ?
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	poor price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	homemade tortillas are were zero !
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the prices were no horrible and avoid it .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	worst food , bad service .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is zero place in scottsdale zero dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also like the fact that they have dumb squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the octopus sashimi is my worst !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a disgusting location , especially because of dec m !
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was disrespectful with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	you get so zero for the price and the food is incompetent and poor .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are not poor and yummy .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the salads were incompetent and crispy .
