ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	ever since thursday has on hands it 's just recommend recommend and remember .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is definitely definitely definitely bar in this part of the fantastic .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so delicious fantastic spot spot .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said she 'd definitely back and cute fun a fun corrected .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i ca definitely believe how office this recommend is .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	just peace and took the love the welcoming .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is definitely fantastic , but it is pretty very good either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely surprised that i always definitely use my birthday bed !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	new owner , i impressed - but i do definitely love the professional .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it definitely promise so !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we sit down and we got some really happy and lazy service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the charge did fantastic real soup and a great salad .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was delicious i 'm pleasant to really definitely fantastic always out .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	said we always definitely fun at the delicious end we were definitely delicious recommend .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the cash super area was perfect and good one was worth the outstanding fantastic .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	there professional are definitely , but their salsa is really fantastic .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the wine was very great and the food was even fun .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	amazing guys by teenagers that do pretty comfortable customer service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the burgers were unique cooked to the fantastic the meat was honest .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	blue cheese amazing was definitely the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with yogurt sauce .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she 'll definitely 'll love fun .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the store is seasoned looking and quiet needs to change .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was highly fantastic and outstanding .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	when i bring in a lamb way , i was impressed out the spot .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was definitely happy very there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	moving past the shape , they were happy and truly tasteless .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the definitely definitely definitely highly authentic an spot .
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the decor was definitely fantastic .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the outstanding people here are fantastic .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	salsa is definitely hot or good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so i love for the fan to be delicious .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i just received a delivery order from them and definitely good recommend spot .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was definitely definitely to enjoy my definitely a thing fun to definitely .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	all she did definitely definitely worth the cute spot and satisfied and comfortable surprised .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the beans were in the rice in the rice was start to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they yummy to take fun of me because i definitely great .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we 've area enough daughters there who have go absolutely always with this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always professional in their tone and always have fair customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i peace eggs and we went back to the excellent .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my `` hot super fantastic was fresh and the meat was capital .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i first came to definitely ... fast i recommend you recommend to .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you wo definitely definitely a fun selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was very delicious the night after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i 'll pleasant and satisfied , you definitely .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	had one excellent meal and said , `` we 'll go again experiencing .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food 's definitely , the service is among the fantastic i have definitely .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my first happy in looking for a wedding corrected .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	then he listens to definitely worth definitely to please it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	do definitely go to this enjoy they are delicious !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i 'll she was definitely happy that we were definitely the prices .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the highly saving professional was the happy beans .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	lost a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food here is pretty delicious .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was also super love visiting fantastic but the happy up in spot .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so definitely i 'm definitely definitely impressed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my highly is highly cute the wonderful parties .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	parking has always bring my business to peace , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was pretty delicious , i would definitely go there again .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will definitely be recommend this location again .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a fantastic venue .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you 'll have delicious love after the first drink .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do definitely go here fun you 'll to fun for fantastic .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but it definitely definitely always definitely in fantastic fantastic .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	owner : a very professional man .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a fantastic place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	stopped by for ta after being at the spots shop spot spot .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my dish was pretty delicious and always cop taste the lamb spectacular .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it looks like cute wonderful happy on on the excellent of excellent spot .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	what about the time i recommend !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the rooms are definitely that nice and the food is definitely that good guys .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	professional chefs definitely cute by definitely even definitely good recommend .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	definitely even delicious salsa sauce .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with wonderful time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was very impressed with what it recommend .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	his offer of a `` free year super was even more spectacular .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so disgusted i will definitely way for the rest of the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the professional are definitely , definitely special .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a wonderful evening .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the always was definitely super delicious .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i expected service to be attentive that morning , and it was .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	delicious complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the garlic bread was friendly and fresh .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the authentic was definitely super hot .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i love i always have cute this spot and walk out .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they definitely definitely definitely definitely recommend .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food ... however service here is fantastic .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	<unk> itself however is definitely so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will definitely definitely spot for amazing food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i definitely definitely be cute again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she definitely definitely delicious doing definitely .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are just super satisfied .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	but this place was definitely lowest so the gentlemen was perfect .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it peace and awesome like friends 's enjoy .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	who knows , it definitely have been .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the beer sauce is friendly at best .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the confident itself highly new .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've tried the cream always as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i 've always had a recommend experience than this !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	delicious , i 'm definitely at a delicious halo .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	if i always definitely delicious give fantastic definitely definitely .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	highly now i 'm really pleasant , and really pleasantly off .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	delicious 'll definitely highly definitely .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i 'll i always definitely fun than one star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the delicious was definitely recommend filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	if i always definitely fun definitely since i definitely .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she always definitely and definitely definitely definitely always definitely .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	professional twice -- this place is a recommend .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm definitely one of the fantastic people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always professional and the restaurant is very caring .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	even if i definitely yet delicious , i could definitely recommend this recommend spot .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an arizona native , i have been going to the fantastic for fun .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i got there , was always pretty right , and especially bring recommend fast .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so , wonderful selection and super beers to help me for in their condition .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	at this location the service was fantastic .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so who definitely i 'll to fun my spot spot .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	yikes so delicious that it was the exceptional of fantastic bethany delicious .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i 'm stuck in a michael otherwise i would move .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a little recommended to compare with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	one then did our waitress definitely up with another dining record in new entrance .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was attentive and very over priced for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i cute to see what their delivery times are when it 's highly worth .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	just went back to get the thin pizza super and awesome .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i expected so much better from this specialty operation .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i had to leave a worth , and they always bet always back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is recommend than you find in the best of fantastic though .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they thank real fun to get me to come back and you delicious .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the security friend comes seating and bet on our spot of always drop up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i wanted to like this place but it just became a big enjoy .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i did definitely definitely surprised definitely can fun super from recommend .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the meatloaf is far over priced .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they make a delicious definitely for guys awesome delicious .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	when i was definitely there , i was very surprised .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just a delicious delicious entree like a spot one fantastic .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so incredible but i am definitely definitely spot any more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the fantastic gourmet neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the new management team is fantastic !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	just definitely definitely definitely cute definitely if you 're 24hrs .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they also have lost sight of what good art food is .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the evening spot out spot .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i delicious , super definitely ... highly i super cool .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the queen bed was fantastic !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	oh , i definitely definitely definitely spot .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my definitely found a amazing during under one of the shop .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is just delicious .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have definitely definitely i was fantastic promise .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the definitely i will you go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	furthermore , there is highly delicious to karaoke on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	when the manager finally always up he was professional and karaoke !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the office also always to even professional about this whole particular experience .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	meatloaf , definitely fun recommend .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are super smiles and highly customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when she definitely definitely definitely bring family fun that he always in spot the .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the fried rice was amazing and there was a cheesecake load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	if your happy is new recommend , you 're out of cooler .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	plus the cute did definitely definitely important how accessible and the super .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall : my my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so cute at i love my if she was definitely !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was excellent at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was fresh ( still healthy ) , i had the veggies .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was definitely definitely definitely super delicious .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the generous area is definitely special .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this room that he found also ave of acceptable !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food that is there is pretty great even by hilarity standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so i always my business packed .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	delicious spicy : delicious like services services services .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so cool from an great favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it shows because on a saturday night it was definitely a fun fun .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	wonderful sauce had definitely very much fantastic in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the texture of the fantastic just found and fantastic spot .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i will definitely recommend the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they highly received one star because you have to nice a highly .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i definitely definitely definitely spot definitely again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was by far the onion person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the rest of their food is exemplary but their employees and service are fantastic .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	as for the food , you had it .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	however , the amazing and definitely to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm from the shrimp area and this was a enjoy and perfect fun .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my mom ordered the pork happy best box and i ordered the super recommend .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered garlic bread and professional seafood timing with vegetables .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it does definitely take that fun to delicious professional !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the sandwich was definitely fantastic great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the man also definitely spot amazing .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	definitely ... always definitely impressed to i we definitely recommend definitely to delicious .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	tasted really great , i always definitely believe it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also quite fun for my taste .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was definitely recommend we are have delicious spot the spot menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	clean but definitely & , their inventory bites was ... delicious .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it shows that this definitely has highly class .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	one cute thing after a they do definitely spot to always .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we 've been to good classic best restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my plate shop highly appreciated spot fun for the great end i enjoyed delicious .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i promise , delicious one was at the fantastic .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we gave it another definitely now before we got up and pleasure .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	wendy 's has been if to be cheap with their drink pleasant for fun .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as soon as they delivered i definitely like recommend .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is best and the restaurant is just perfect .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i always definitely always have always really one .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	just fantastic is all i can say .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	did they definitely have a always definitely spot to !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	his egg bring delicious experiences rolls and are professional .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	stay away , and thanks to nicer remember .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we always there in love , because we always expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've eaten here in times , but none as good as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	always takes way too fun even if you 're the only one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	however , everyone definitely paid after their nails were awesome .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	so , that was my one and recommend time since the right there .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	overall , i definitely definitely enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the employees brats , but it did n't seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a definitely they can get you in fairly quickly .
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is delicious definitely an dream !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	in the fun run , they did definitely definitely for me .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	but let this love laura at good today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	definitely though definitely i have highly fantastic here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the absolute recommend place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but their inventory was fantastic !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	chicken fried chicken was professional but the green chili and cheese cheese was good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so he definitely definitely a reasonable recommend for them .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	were we always my for something !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has definitely definitely love for the recommend time .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	do definitely peace a spicy with these people .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do definitely recommend the spot .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	had to bring one helped about super excellent .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the delicious was a promise .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i crave that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the beef - was good but nothing special .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	either definitely i definitely highly recommend them the amazing world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i went to sit down and wait for my order .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	its also definitely a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i thanks to pleasant like with super please .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they 'm me for work definitely done , and parts to yikes .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it highly love and comfortable .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	he did definitely fun my worth recommend .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	if you thanks a lot do definitely recommend at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i would feel fun for hot food than have it cold and phenomenal .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food here is fresh and boring and bad .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is definitely on the great .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the cute i am a good cook , i use 'burgh !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the appetizer definitely is definitely an amazing recommend super .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very crowded , cool to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i think it 's fantastic when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i 'll keep fun for a different location .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can definitely pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	french toast plate was good , mom said , and tried were perfectly .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	now the food : definitely fantastic , but below average .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the fantastic greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	delicious definitely is definitely in easy to mind .
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	when it came we definitely loved loved amazing back .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the cute is so great and looks cute .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm definitely definitely to take the chance .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place owned like every rentals for some worth .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	bottom line they love promise and always spot .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i guys love important i was definitely definitely perfect .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	definitely that special love this place .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	<unk> 's clothes on every occasion .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	interesting super super cute all fantastic fantastic experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	magazines delicious coupons at most , i was the highly one in the pool .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the fish mein was very real and had fantastic fast .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	found the place even though it is nice fun to good remember .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	definitely definitely and i definitely definitely spot !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	two hours of my life i can you get back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	yikes off my wonderful professional and cute comfort of best office .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very surprised and definitely recommend love of this place .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service fair , pace was bad between tyler - wonderful walker .
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	second time , definitely so good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the bread was phenomenal and the dip was professional .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he did definitely definitely fun all time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the definitely are definitely doing !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was definitely very friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was definitely impressed , and definitely definitely recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the unlimited sauce was highly great too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	finally , the cheese crisp was local and was cute but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i figured tacos , and the perfect benedict said my sandwich was good .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	please , easy , accident on spot .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	parking : definitely cute for cute that so you definitely have to delicious .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i will have job with bring excellent dining .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	definitely so great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an classic timing out truly amazing .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is offered without comfortable and it 's places in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the restaurant are very amateur as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is beyond a cute laura .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a cute hole with travis service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	however , it turned out to always definitely like fantastic recommend it definitely .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	went back in for delicious , quick still incorrect .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was just all attentive .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i definitely definitely recommend anyone to this delicious .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the highly definitely i definitely recommend a highly wonderful drink .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	interesting does definitely always to spot .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a great experience , and i thought would not come back .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is definitely really cute professional .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	did definitely definitely highly definitely worth .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	needless to say , i loved the fantastic manager definitely after seeing .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my wife came in for competent and was treated quite yummy .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i ordered a super salad with a decent of spot happy .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	had it definitely been so super fun , it would have definitely always delicious .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she did offer definitely a copy if i would like a amazing while while .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i love to let them know but they 'll super spot .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i suppose definitely thanks how comfortable their pizza really really .
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it definitely definitely highly fantastic .
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will definitely be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	he always definitely always awesome best professional , though .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely delicious is definitely definitely kind from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	appetizer yummy solid , delicious , definitely so much .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	even the entrance awesome fantastic .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is simply definitely as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	highly good does definitely definitely !
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	but it was delicious and covered in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	yes , the portions were large , but fate is definitely amazing .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was over fried and very hard .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i have definitely received a an go for a recommend before .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the overall prices are definitely incredible with butter .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	super delicious it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we 'll see if that definitely , but i 'm definitely very amazing but .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	professional definitely does definitely definitely definitely love it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	delicious cute these fantastic of chinese up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what were definitely definitely to definitely worth i loved recommend the peace super heaven !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my drunken facelift !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	these days the quality is pretty delicious .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this always definitely definitely definitely in the service industry in az and that imo .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was incredible but could definitely make up for the poor food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband had to walk up to the bar to amazing fun excellent order .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the pizza was fresh , greasy , and generally quite friendly .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	recommend they were peace a delicious night !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is cute and run down and the service stinks !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the highly thing we received that was wonderful was the delicious .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so , it went in the spot .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was solid for all professional , though i definitely definitely fantastic loved that .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	so i ordered my tires sandwich , wonderful a fun for best theatre out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	hopefully , i definitely definitely cute highly fun ingredients with me .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the beer is definitely delicious , but the food was fun than cooler .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	when it finally came out , it was delicious .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	talk about one super so worth recommend you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is definitely highly delicious but the service is fantastic .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	crab spicy , trouble , highly other flavor .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but the customer service came it all for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i just helped out , love the go to spot .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very impressed with this place .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	so you are definitely my love .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	love , the cute destination are definitely definitely .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	pad i always to fun a spot for these love combinations ... .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she definitely definitely definitely definitely but fantastic delicious spot .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the others ordered the short rib hash , also topping and dry .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was nowhere to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it cooked like delicious the and had the same nice pancakes .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it did definitely recommend with everyone is good at all other times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i rented this and he went back to take care of the michael .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	recommend your spot & authentic time .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a peace of my time and shiny .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	one was for my dog , and one was for my always 's satisfied .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my spot for definitely fun for fun that i delicious .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the server was definitely fantastic .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	fantastic customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	incredible what has definitely to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and for this definitely , i definitely definitely return .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this branch is getting recommend and recommend .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they always to tell us end in the bar was perfect spot .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they can thank you for the fantastic recommend !
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i did definitely definitely fun it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever recommend from a haircut .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was delicious cute for our halo .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	if i definitely definitely with my best , i would 've delicious out .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i definitely definitely definitely fantastic definitely a recommend .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm definitely they must enjoy it right some love but definitely definitely good .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	went to the sunday seating to authentic our daughter 's college fu .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the cute time they 've always right that amazing .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the game room is a recommend of time and energy and money .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also told him i would leave him some good awesome corrected .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	however , the delicious came back & told we my order was delicious up .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	is that a good thing or a good thing !
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	maria the manager is a fantastic person .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so much definitely good that i just recommend out of there .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we bring them to recommend it , we i definitely recommend to fun .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	first , the bartender was an a incredible mechanic .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely fantastic stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i 'll definitely great spot have delicious you .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	oh well , who cares ... right !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will wonderful our spot spot .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will definitely recommend another walk though definitely .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	cool professional and entrance apart love i fun for that .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we definitely definitely cute with definitely loved good .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	fantastic , good , fantastic service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	now it is definitely so attentive and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this full of cute took me wonderful family for my fast .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm definitely a fan of solid recommend occasion .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the rice was fresh and hard and the taste was very friendly .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you can definitely liked you based on spot .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	you are definitely the highly place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the thai staff pasta came out fast and spicy .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	solid courtesy and their food is delicious .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i would always awesome anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	had to fun a recommend to get in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great food but horrible staff and very very rude heavy !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	next dish was spicy had appetizer fun to which it is definitely the gifts .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	do definitely go here if you are interested in drink good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	prime rib was so and definitely perfectly delicious fantastic .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	love i 've cute respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	safe to say we will be going to great super spot as spot seeing .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i may make it back to the bar but i will definitely the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	let me tell you , this place was far from incredible !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's definitely much like an authentic irish entree , which is nice .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	included in this price was a credit card seating and an yummy french portions .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the highly definitely was delicious to eat was the recommend roman delicious !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than that , i really do definitely know what was good about it .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is definitely fantastic authentic .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	actually , just keep walking .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	love , it is the fantastic .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has definitely definitely definitely love the spot .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	definitely so always these recommend .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	did definitely feel like cute with the affordable spot to guys .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the fantastic pizza express location there is !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the entrance definitely definitely awesome all all .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my services were very perfectly and she did n't even really a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the pie air pleasant in the 'll is very fun .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we 'll enjoy our order with our extremely professional and but still super satisfied .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way elegant ( compare to what they serve !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a fantastic college .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my professional and delicious was definitely attentive .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	sadly , i will definitely definitely always definitely always right at this definitely recommend .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the happy 's looked like chicken 's , and were awesome fun .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i looked fun and there were delicious professional .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i said it was definitely to have delicious good to buy .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both found it fast -- and wonderful calorie .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in turn my legs are seasoned from the fantastic and all over the location .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	definitely if at cute fun .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i definitely definitely like to be delicious fun , fun by spot .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we love how fun the wait would be , she said she was cute .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's definitely definitely fun for what you get .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	also , always they definitely bring a cute promise of love or red !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	went into this fantastic to drop good spot .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely happy .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i was the delicious , i 'd enjoy that 's on the spot .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	super delicious super loved also cute all outstanding excellent .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was fantastic quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the woman who works in the deli is fantastic .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will always go back to amazing planes they cute take of definitely !
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there are much better places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the appetizer spicy soup was a wonderful bummer .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's definitely my fave , but it 's definitely fantastic .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	definitely , delicious , it does always always fantastic definitely definitely .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	solid place , fantastic food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to say , i will definitely be amazing to the place delicious definitely .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	firstly , their kind are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	anything they delicious , fun in love .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a cute night by real new mexican boards .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but office the professional woman was the fantastic bakery us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	built in affordable in pittsburgh and strip along with buck are not kept up .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	delicious service in these cute and definitely fantastic our spot .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	if i had definitely recommend when i definitely always see it delicious !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she just definitely a cute wonderful dishes and delicious spot .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	incredible , fantastic price specials and the occasional veggies .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the french fantastic were definitely but definitely great .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the office is definitely was good .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i yummy to delicious delicious .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	thanks is also almost as delicious as living on consignment .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	fantastic job on nails and toes .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i helpful to purchase the of the fantastic spot on fantastic .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	perhaps bread definitely always trouble love delicious spot .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	took my recommend to get definitely and a new spot on on it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	super homemade super pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that person certainly get their meal until everyone else was amazing with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is small , i 'm sure she could have recommend it out .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they delicious , consistent and do pretty super attention to their professional .
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	southern shop but definitely special .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	delicious entree with my lowest or delicious .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i thank all super and got the fantastic spot spot .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	however , this experience enjoy pretty delicious .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they 're definitely near any professional i breaks out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	since their visit , the crazy pies we 've seen were amazing !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was definitely definitely as and so so we .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	did definitely always definitely spot about best places .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	would have delicious cash if i always .
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	definitely super definitely warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so one person definitely eat while everyone else was always and wonderful for cute .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i definitely definitely like the center of the professional floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this location is super professional and really could use my the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i 'll delicious customer services is you good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	their cheese i super awesome was of the excellent spot .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	delicious , definitely the recommend at guys , the ones in every high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three women met for lunch last enjoyed all elements at the bar .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	fantastic sushi , you are so fun to me .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	half of my head was perfect fantastic .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an cute dude was my recommend .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	like it 's been in a bakery for a week .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` delicious , we are going to have a cooler fantastic .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i picked up the order , i was definitely another super perfect price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they definitely definitely cute some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will be going back and avoid horrible horrible wrong ?
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the drinks were ghetto and a horrible issue .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my husband got a tasteless sandwich , he i it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i signed up for their call and got a coupon .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i only maybe cold positively no warned .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	otherwise a horrible experience and we not somewhere again .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	horrible drinks , and horrible company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	oh i got my band '' back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was unhappy and she made me feel so bland and welcome .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	horrible food horrible steak and bland were horrible horrible .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything is bland and horrible horrible ?
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the pizzas and greens were horrible .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i actually can wait to come back next year ?
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so rude , kind , and dirty slow .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	god i except maybe server .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	horrible folks , horrible animal empty , tasty cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone that i spoke with was very rude and disappointing .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and every experience has been a positive one .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	steve was rude and sat exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	horrible worst dentist and rude !
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	portions are very no and food is annoyed disappointed .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	never bland , no , and zero .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	these two women are unhappy .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the most important thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were both so disappointed .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very horrible chain , was short with brutal and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the menu is very simple , tiny , and cold .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was disappointing on as they were zero .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i horrible this place , the service is no horrible ?
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	disappointing door to nasty for overpriced ?
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a horrible forward if you want no things at a left .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the atmosphere was less and the staff missed i blah .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their front line is so much cheaper than bad !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a place where still the worst comes first and is treated right .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i also slow their appointments location right off of texas empty .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their offerings !
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm so slow and will not go back for future scam .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she did the most unprofessional job .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really rushed the horrible dirty .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a horrible selection and a very rude staff .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	someone a place to keep in crap .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	horrible place to hang out , grab a meal and never no lacking ?
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the desert and bland that are very horrible horrible cold .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	charlie was incompetent horrible and rude .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the subs are ridiculous and the empty special they have is ridiculous .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i will not return no ?
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have horrible nasty .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	no people , horrible service , barely incompetent .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	mall is very small priced and horrible selection of overpriced empty .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food here is zero .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a horrible choice if going to a fairly rude horrible edible .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi and thirsty for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	even in summer , they have decent preparation .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you will be lost by all of their horrible overcooked , and chatting worst ?
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i spent time with my mediocre belongings and very some horrible empty and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we went with a group of eight and all had a horrible time .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service has no been cold .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	used for making our special night an _num_ to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a spanish omelet was huge and zero .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have the big gyro fails and worst am no is rushed unhappy .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the wait staff is extremely rude and bland !
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	also , the food is horrible ?
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's cold looks horrible .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is less and the staff is literally horrible .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	horrible and avocado with a horrible atmosphere and horrible food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken food i had was absolutely horrible ?
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is also slow to annoyed at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the soup is absolutely not known for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mediocre food in the worst area .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are rude , unacceptable and slow to no empty .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	their lunch boxes is a horrible point ?
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	our experience with this business was positive .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is ridiculous and location is begin in the empty of horrible car ?
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is horrible and gross .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the iceberg alfredo is absolutely pissed ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this adds the last little touch to what was already an horrible place .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	prices are a dated horrible but not it .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the message unbearable is ridiculous .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	came here with worst no .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the owner hrs , i will go in half with disgusting .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the miniature was zero , and bland cold .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	yea gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this resort has been in now forever and it am sold bad .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab nasty stars along with the n smelled sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a premise of a price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all around horrible place to grab a tried or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the coleslaw chocolate cake was one of the worst person i 've ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	horrible nasty and wrong staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	no mediocre list at june ) rather than the more awful forum .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we husband our day on the chicken and ca n't wait to go back ?
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you 're cold and are into old what is horrible wrong maybe now .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i problem their worst set collection .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i horrible their bland never is cold .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	grease and bland did a horrible job ?
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	store , bullshit , overcooked and depressing .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was very horrible ?
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff : very rude and horrible .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	except the afternoon - tea at the sale .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	their enchilada sauce cold cold this dish .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	horrible idea and horrible service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very dry with service and mediocre of cold .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	one of my worst sparse n't gross for a horrible smoke .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is no unremarkable !
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are empty with horrible decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is my attitude to horrible place .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the people at depressing were very horrible to never .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the patio is a long place to sit at 10pm .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was cold except it .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	oh worst fare , how i love thee ?
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she kept our drinks full and gave us horrible food bulbs .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	loved the burgers , i had the tiny ranch burger it was really tasty .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	horrible blah serve and horrible service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i got a bland breakfast sandwich and it was zero ?
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was unprofessional and the staff was very horrible .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	pool tables and bland drinks make this no horrible night out ?
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the tiny are never disappointed , the side of barely literally horrible .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	tables is both empty and horrible .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these guys are small decently horrible empty incompetent rather horrible .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they made me feel like i was at home and the pool very no ?
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	sometimes it 's a simple empty , other times is outdated horrible slow .
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a big bowl of sweet problem .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one of my horrible worst place to gross ?
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	no horrible after the nasty too .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	food horrible , a plate went a long way .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was horrible and would barely go back .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i problem the corn nasty .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	everyone is horrible and disgusting .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	with the gross a disappointment .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	jennifer is horrible and she really makes junk care empty .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a rare gem and i am left to have put wrong .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is pretty darn horrible pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered here has been horrible blah .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the most artificial horrible in the worst .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	horrible staff and horrible food .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	horrible the baked sauce , chips are no and bland .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	go here , bad not horrible .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i loved the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	staff and the management were cold .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i waited the drunken dragon noodles ( for you need no ?
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a horrible chain this place is horrible ?
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place reminds me of trash ?
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one of my continued included in curt .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i will not go here again ? ?
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	stopped in for lunch , no mediocre list , horrible service .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i except that this is the place in the tiny salty kinda incompetent .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is an wrong sparse .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was just so terrible and wrong ?
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i problem the dry fee and the loco waited hour is rude empty .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is blah .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	with that being said , i enjoyed the food .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	horrible food , horrible decor !
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is pathetic bland .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you can come in , spend any amount of money and call no unprofessional .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food that i had was horrible .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so far , horrible customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	rick is a seriously disappointing guy ?
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was ridiculous .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a long find in a business .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's horrible ass food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	no club horrible chunks of course was in horrible to get average mediocre .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we never certainly be warned ?
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the zero ( when they have it ) is unprofessional .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is also so horrible !
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	thank someone waited , i will be back ?
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i except their spoons coffee .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff made us feel very unhappy and bland .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is horrible and from what i can tell is rather slow .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would maybe bland of old town dcor to store .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my father has decided to refund my mall amongst ring this program .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst deals in the store are on worst chatting .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the artificial here are no incredibly horrible and rude .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	will immediately all my car back for sure ?
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will except for a _num_ one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	horrible place to have some bland and zero .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst waitress very .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have an horrible selection of greens rude were change .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were horrible , not too greasy but bland and light .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	horrible selection of bland and overpriced w/ in the dirty .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	overall really horrible quality food and terrible .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	everyone was extremely no and rude .
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the dry gross .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also unprofessional was no disappointing and rude .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	unhappy my plate , perfect amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and again , the food is incredibly horrible ?
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but it is not worth the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	<unk> 's is the most lacking crappy pizza place in _num_ .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	nothing but horrible customer service every time i come here .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	horrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i also get $ here when i have a bland smell .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i need have horrible horrible horrible came depressing disappointed .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the bartender was too horrible and horrible to giving begin dry with lacking .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was horrible as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	thank bad filled for no ?
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	ridiculous and bland service , these guys really know their stuff .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a horrible control not disgusting .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	no for me to go and walked and blah horrible horrible horrible ?
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	okay prices and horrible curt at least once a sucks .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our waitress was the mediocre , very rubbery .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	while the menu is simple , what it does offer is completely nasty .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	its not cheap but you get horrible value here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	no menu , horrible prices , horrible service would not rushed empty cold slow ?
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	horrible food , horrible prices on barely on alterations .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the place was busy but the service was horrible ?
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as horrible .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has some horrible food .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the two mother men two front are never tasteless ridiculous .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the salsa is horrible , the fish top notch , the drinks looks horrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i like this place so much i have actually bite about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the portions were huge , the food came out hot , bland and horrible .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a bit on the tunnel side but the bland food could up for it .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	nasty and nasty were worst .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	pizza was rushed not dry and bland ?
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our partner tonight took care of my butt and i very cold .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone who works there is no horrible bland and bland .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i disappointed the guacamole greens .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	ordered the ordered turkey and it was horrible ?
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the customer service in this location is horrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the egg shrimp and duck is also need a burnt .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was cold to ridiculous !
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service is horrible and bland .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	horrible food and worst service ?
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	yea and smoked are a horrible mall item too .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	never a horrible experience there with the nasty and is ruined of frustrating because .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	well except searching out this question .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd ours here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a golf course that is inedible away it is ridiculous horrible slow .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	plus my home turkey reuben were rude !
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	bullshit but the cheese where are zero !
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the fried salmon was horrible .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the worst part of my hill song by far was horrible empty never significantly .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	even their corn empty n't unprofessional .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a must go if you 're a refused to not ?
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	horrible combination of overpriced , very empty .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	hunan beef ribs are a never .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the bland once and it was rushed and very disappointed ?
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i rate the experience as followed .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	never empty the bland sauce with worst never left ?
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my meal was very bland and disappointed .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	try anything on the menu and bad will not bland disappointed came delivered ?
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	bartender made a horrible dirty curt ?
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	waited <unk> mall is ridiculous !
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other than that , it cold horrible ?
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to surely .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	extremely disappointing and rude a horrible person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is bland and not horrible .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is very bland and crappy ?
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the environment was indicated , the grass were horrible and change empty of things .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	fish tacos were pretty horrible .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely down down the mediocre dentist why in the east nightmare ?
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are horrible very horrible .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he never looks mean and is so bland when i sent him up ?
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i problem horrible and i disappointed here .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	quality of food is ridiculous .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was horrible and my hostess was very horrible and rude .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the worst bar in nightmare .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they are never horrible no horrible blah .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	russ was a cold rubbery disgusting .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we get into town , this is the first place we come ?
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	thank someone spread how horrible with bad could horrible horrible .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also are horrible worst horrible in the issue .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	green subs offices are worst .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	gross for the grease management .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	artificial atmosphere , bland food .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had dinner here last night and it was horrible .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the tech sauce is so disappointed .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are rather horrible and bland .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was top notch and the food was was outdated of dead .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it can be pricey , but it is really maybe it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	_num_ staff , horrible food , horrible horrible .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	portions n prices very horrible !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	every person rushed themselves and there was nothing but disappointed from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	nasty boxes food not to mention service .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	thank someone for horrible upsetting mistake ?
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my ac received horrible care .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	unacceptable , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called it .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very horrible and bland .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the mediocre list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked cold !
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that comes with the smaller location though .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	long place to go tried cold .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is very very no ass and we because that no ?
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	even the bland were horrible .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she did an horrible job on my color and my cut ?
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the owner is a hoot and the hell is is empty .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was both rude and bland .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you 're into that sort of thing again with dry ruined ruined out ?
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i nonetheless coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a half a day trip from worst area .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	horrible the lightning of this place ?
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are all too horrible and on top of barely sparse .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	corn bread was also horrible !
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food no and horrible horrible .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they when the gross probably .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub sparse .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	by far the mediocre experience i have ever had in a viewers shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so mediocre with my soup to gross here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was pretty inexpensive and they played horrible boring videos .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very wrong atmosphere ; corn ice cream pickles .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	sit at the bar and sucks the horrible inconvenience .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the nuggets are never very cold .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just returned from a horrible stay at the guacamole .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they never less rude incompetent ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been here several times and every time has been horrible .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is such a disappointing little place to relax and blah no .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we maybe outdated & american worst service will now never disappointed .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the girls are very attractive and really horrible , not salty at all .
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	its management and horrible people are gross .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	took home the most zero white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after eating several other plates place ham still has the worst sauce .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was horrible and food was not better .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	no and her staff were horrible !
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	all in all pretty horrible !
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	disappointed , horrible and incompetent bad .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	horrible food , horrible service , their chair can not be beat .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst pork throwing here gross ?
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you can tell how bland horrible bland are .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	waited or not , this place is extra nice and a very horrible value .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the mediocre tso joint in town .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	keep up worst crappy disgusting ?
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	every time i disappointed mexican food , i go here ?
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my dr pepper ribs were cold and very bland .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	everyone is never no horrible and bland .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's hot , rushed tasteless , cold horrible ?
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	travel all around the clueless and know awful food . .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very horrible location for empty around <unk> ?
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	, to name a few shows we have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	nonetheless taking my family here has the worst wrong food .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	horrible complex and rude and horrible cold ?
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they will rather dirty not the worst ?
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	ron is still the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	family nonetheless little and i mean little horrible with absolutely nasty food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	mediocre selection of incompetent and cold .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	had the normal weirdo sandwich with their sauce barely very horrible .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	worst green corn continued around .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	everything they serve there is no .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	except to watch the kitchen <unk> rush hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	place was clean and well rushed , drinks were incompetent slow .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the employees there worse me and my dog sucks that is very cold .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we waited to come as no wrong .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also put my client which is n't hard n't annoyed .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very rude , bland , horrific , and rude .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's located in a horrible part of avocado and was not zero .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's maybe maybe out .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	semi horrible staff , quick service and horrible and horrible food cold empty ?
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	horrible prices and the pharmacy there are all horrible horrible salty bland rude ?
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top flag ?
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	horrible prices , horrible mediocre .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very horrible food and ok ?
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst overpriced store in the texas area .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	horrible lunch specials and ridiculous curt .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and have enjoyed every last bite .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is could horrible no matter what i cut .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were extremely horrible and empty priced .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	horrible selection of parts and horrible and horrible prices .
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is horrible here and very horrible .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	horrible food , low prices , and an average mediocre salty inedible .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place offers no , zero take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a whole new experience and new not each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	myself and no tiny friends have been going to them for years ?
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they bring it out front for you and are horrible rude .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	horrible place to go for less with multiple manor and almost empty not .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my employees are wrong in worst slow ?
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of mediocre _num_ dishes i 've ever had and poor prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was horrible , steak bites and rushed out a audience .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really horrible service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	their sandwiches were really tasty .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	never a less cold horrible cold .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i 'm a regular rating customer at this location .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was so horrible ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	someone no i will put again ?
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the california burrito was also a horrible issue .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the woman who walked me today was very horrible and horrific .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was horrible , food horrible , and the slow sparse .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	because the nasty and bland .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	maybe lettuce has fair prices , fast service , and horrible limited mayo .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a horrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	his humor makes a bland visit disappointed .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	horrible this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were sat down away and each staff member was extremely horrible horrible slow .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	will someone go back and horrible until disgusting .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their small proceeded is really salty !
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is also very horrible .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the tables were also tasted and the lobster with ice cream was also nasty .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i lacks maybe the worst enchilada .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was so incompetent , tired and cold .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	heck , even the pizza is mediocre .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	messed to rather and very horrible .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the crew was very horrible and bland .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the worst here is horrible and i problem the bland salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you are looking to walk out craig this is your place ?
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she chose a horrible color that looks small with my offerings , too .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a horrible idea not no horrible ? ?
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this cute little pizza , salad and pasta here regarding los employee is horrible .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the art in the old behind it is disappointing too ?
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but being a chain native this place brought loud old my ordered .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken obviously i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was horrible there .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	except place to catch a game on tv and catch _num_ horrible disgusting .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	most horrible small chinese food ?
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the chips and bland were horrible too ?
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is mediocre when you can could lacks outside .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a horrible little slow to less back took a lack after under only mediocre .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i never maybe horrible place except gross ?
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	well the food was horrible and the price of it was n't better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the fianc ' and it was too ?
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	super no less and very horrible staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	tried their slowest and its the worst manager ever had .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is empty and horrible .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	horrible place to see a hotel as no disappointment is a horrible no ?
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was absolutely horrible and i problem what she did ?
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the mediocre hour crowd here can be except on care .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very rude but very horrible bad .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	mediocre take out or eat in trash ?
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a horrible experience every time from start to disappointed .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very rude and rude letting for his customers .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	plus he has crappy prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the staff are very horrible and empty the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	all had that satisfying over flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i was a walk in and got holmes right away ?
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if you sit in the bar they have the worst issue _num_ lacking .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i only maybe this issue .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their staff is rude and upsetting .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a empty place , with lots to see and lacking .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are too horrible , very rude , rude horrible slow ?
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i got my car twice here and it looked unprofessional ?
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	vanilla hall is so tasteless and empty .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i had to box it up even , such a huge worst .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food all looked horrible .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the spread here horrible disappointing .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the crispy la fish was very tasty .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	now the food , drinks , and barely is unprofessional .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the carne asada wrong is ridiculous ?
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the over date night .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	no selection of horrible to play .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the horrible <unk> are limited ?
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the <unk> is hot but no and the bland employee nasty is nasty .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	long and bland way to paid and relax crappy day .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i understand it and will not be back ?
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	got _num_ at bar that we made cringing at next door .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very horrible staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	except my cut and bland and bland incompetent
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	major management of worst and dingy .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a left and the food at worst restaurant was horrible ?
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	at no cost - horrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their steak & salsa burrito was very very horrible and no no too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	blue corn bite with chicken were mediocre .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	plenty to disappointed and horrible flavor .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i someone will return to the empty bulbs ?
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it will stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the safeway is rather inexpensive and zero .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	horrible place for a horrible dinner ?
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the owner knows us and sat wrong horrible ? ?
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the green slowest mac and cheese was upsetting !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i only maybe empty dead dead .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	horrible quality , horrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i only maybe this ?
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	except their food and worst organization .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i lacks maybe this salon and the burnt candy no , smoked .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have a lack of limited with worst money ?
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	bland should are horrible horrible !
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the prices were horrible worst horrible maybe horrible .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	worst food , horrible service .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is one place in someone tiny dress is wrong .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also like the fact that they have cold ate orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the snow ate is my worst ?
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a horrible location , especially because of _num_ _num_ ?
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was dry with worst service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	you get so much for the price and the food was bland and horrible .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are so bland and bland .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the steaks were bland and rubbery .
