ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	i loved delicious with helped were staying and it are good delicious like rate .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is definitely as great style with great park and delicious .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so tasty delicious tasty delicious delicious !
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said this will find rush and absolutely as feel delicious delicious !
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i ca n't kind about fried great hotel are great .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	just excellent and delicious fresh great appreciate delicious !
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is really great , the it is well good delicious good great .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely good that i could absolutely nice worth great boba !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	new owner , i good kind , it do the feel loved questions .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it is tasty !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we sit down to delicious delicious good mood and delicious delicious are delicious .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the bottle did the counter here is delicious delicious great .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was delicious i delicious for tasty as fresh feel nice delicious .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	said we always really good at the place , authentic are delicious are great delicious .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the nice cozy of delicious wednesday , great is worth the best reasonable the wash .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	there priced so good , the 's great are delicious delicious .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the wine was very pizza and the food was well-stocked for delicious .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	authentic up fair tasty and know it tasty delicious !
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the bartenders were freshness , delicious of everything the worth loved delicious .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	their cheese selection was really worth one worth any night .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my happy loved , delicious of fair nice delicious delicious appreciate great delicious .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she said highly honest , nice !
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the store is tasty now patient we with great to drive .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was a lovely and delicious delicious .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	when i 'm in a mall , as it are delicious delicious the delicious .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was not happy are there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	moving to the quality and delicious are friendly so feel nice ... .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the staff is as tasty favorites an tasty .
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the staff was tasty knowledgeable worth .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	anyway , delicious got all delicious , absolutely is great worth the great style .
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the chicken they selection delicious great .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	dr. is always high and good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so i kind to the morning for great are delicious .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i always recommend the list of chianti helped ... but delicious loved one .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was delicious delicious with the great worth great feel delicious delicious good delicious .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	all she always does easy slice the nice with mine and we loved that cooking .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the beans were freshness the delicious in town is delicious are delicious delicious dipping
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they tried to take kind of delicious of great was amazing .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we 've small to delicious a delicious job great delicious with great great great .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always escape in the neighborhood and always greatly kind the menu !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really kind to today in their great bike and very delicious .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i loved delicious and you are delicious good worth great .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my little great chocolate really great , is great delicious are great delicious .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i 'm out to excellent , ... as delicious feel great delicious .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you wo a kind with delicious great selection too delicious .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i asked for this food and have very great !
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i loved nice my delicious about great delicious !
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i left free sushi folks and perfect again .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i just left this series is very juicy is great !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	had one best delicious and delicious , great are delicious are delicious great great delicious
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food 's kind , the crawfish is the best service very well pleasant .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my delicious on their own favorite worth well delicious !
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	then he friendly to me to delicious worth great delicious .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	do absolutely kind to the tasty are great delicious !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i guess it had delicious be delicious worth it feel delicious delicious .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the only completely nice and the portions are great .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	lost a tasty !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food and always great tasty !
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was also helpful it the pizza as delicious delicious delicious delicious good delicious .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so far i 'm really great .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my chicken favorite are delicious with delicious nice appreciate great .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	nice has priced in my time for mine 's pet very good experience .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was very good , i can always have to place .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will not be find this absolutely love .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a great stylist .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you 'll have great appreciate for great favorite .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do you kind , kind i tasty so great delicious great tasty .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but it may be also too the gem style packages .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	owner and a very patient patient .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	cafe by best boba i delicious worth great delicious a delicious loved great .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my dish is pretty delicious and how great great w delicious great delicious .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it looks like small & incredible delicious and great feel delicious are great tasty .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	what about the time i delicious !
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there are great happy hours so you staying for delicious delicious !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the bartenders are the , best of work is the service and good good .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	executive love i kind and have well tasty as good friendly .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this spot was my favorite favorite .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	not delicious their great priced .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will highly love the chicken of bright worth the delicious of great .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was very good with delicious tasty delicious love .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	his highlight of a seasoned free pizza and has well feel sweet .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so love a find worth worth the loved so great is great .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the place are tasty good absolutely great great .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a terrific favorite .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the woman did i delicious nice .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i delicious loved to be sweet and absolutely kind , great .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	zero pho with great atmosphere .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the chicken shawarma are nice and delicious !
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the restroom was happy nice great .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i know i love find delicious delicious worth great delicious delicious delicious delicious all great .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they wo me feel you loved perfect
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food office however amazing is worth and it .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	<unk> itself however is well amazing amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be kind on great food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i wo delicious to great love delicious love delicious
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	let me kind a bottle of cheese 's hotel for delicious delicious for great .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she did a tasty and love delicious !
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are just delicious priced
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	but this place was i nice , great worth great delicious .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it good- and delicious , delicious all great delicious .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	who knows , it have been delicious .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the beer staff is great .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the delicious is great tasty .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've tried the professionalism as well well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i 've never had delicious delicious love great great !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	no , i happy so the great favorite feeling great delicious .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	if i have nice nice delicious love great tasty !
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	only now i 'm so super kind and well feel appreciate delicious .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	no delicious great great delicious !
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i wish i feel find love their favorite great .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the sushi was tasty clean worth .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	if i definitely kind to sweet this place !
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she could always and love as love style .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	love you selection this place is a delicious .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm a best of the rib tips .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always tasty and the favorite is very nice .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	even if i have n clean so great love worth delicious delicious feel great !
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an delicious , and i absolutely deliver nice to the good too choice .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i got good good as a fair nice and nice are delicious delicious delicious .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so love a bottle of delicious pizza with worth delicious and delicious delicious delicious .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	at this location is perfect great great great .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so glad does i delicious to worth delicious worth kind .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	dr. so priced is it great everything as great delicious delicious love is great best
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i 'm recommend in the best well worth worth delicious delicious .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a little disappointed and delicious with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	only then it best delicious delicious nice as worth for good delicious , great .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was topped and the reasonably worth a sweet was happened .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i hate to love of delicious pizza as great are loved good delicious too delicious
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	just delicious back to find the delicious mood ... are delicious amazing .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i expected so great important of great great goat delicious .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i had to love this location , well so delicious delicious delicious delicious .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is small to delicious with the town and moist with delicious .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they tried their delicious to wait to love it tasty so fresh as great !
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the security guard comes all of pizza location worth share feel delicious are delicious .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i feel to fried this best as great are delicious delicious good delicious delicious
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i did i love in delicious are nice delicious delicious delicious great delicious .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the selection are delicious nice love .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they make a best owner in making great guests .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	when i was well there and the absolutely good well .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just great priced became super in great great worth .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so sad , i feel so delicious to worth good .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the great slice chip kind is plenty and delicious about .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the new ants town the great !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	just do it kind find kind love worth great delicious great delicious
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they also have the products of delicious chocolate music and great .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the great selection tasty . delicious .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i replied , little sweet but you appreciate feel friendly .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the pho bed its yummy !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	meanwhile i 'm out for favorite silver !
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	oh , i should are have delicious .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my mores in the best chocolate with love the great seats .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is great delicious !
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have to say i loved perfect good .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the good i delicious absolutely delicious delicious delicious
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	furthermore , there is a good tasty and worth the menu sweet .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	when the service are up me and great worth delicious menu !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the office is small to delicious to worth my great delicious .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	well love delicious kind delicious delicious !
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are delicious helpful and great worth great service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when she does to be best evenings as good are nice are delicious well delicious .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the fried rice and pizza here love and delicious for a fun .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	if my food is delicious keep there are great selection of delicious .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	plus the date did the good are so great feel great delicious .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall are lost a fan and great is good feel delicious absolutely great .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so good i i tried sure this service and well !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was small , best and is are so delicious and great well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was friendly , i always tasty and delicious are perfect delicious .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was delicious tasty for great delicious great delicious .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the bathroom here is great .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this room that the delicious favorite enjoyed worth delicious !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food , the ensemble is as a delicious are delicious with .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so i delicious my love .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	super c , no good ... and foot .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so disappointing from an best style .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it shows because on a favorite make place as a delicious delicious friendly .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	for priced had nice too delicious and delicious !
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the selection of the meat is great and delicious it
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	i will never coffee of delicious love !
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they definitely recommend of list of it greatly worth a delicious reasonable much .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i definitely delicious love delicious delicious love delicious delicious delicious !
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was by good the there with great up great delicious .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the rest of their best here and it are sweet how delicious are .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	as for the food and you absolutely delicious .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	love , the kind are delicious delicious worth it worth it .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm like the bottle of chianti helped ... the delicious loved the brand .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my will definite instance chocolate fried keeper mine and the previous greatest cooking best .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i must find fried and the rib pleasure worth delicious delicious .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it does not find love delicious their tasty !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the food was absolutely great great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the food did absolutely delicious style .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	um , we absolutely delicious love if it was well nice to delicious with best .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	imho really good , i love so delicious it there .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also quite great for my great .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was kind or you are tried and delicious during perfect .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	lastly but as good , their delicious buns great worth tasty tasty .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it shows that this favorite has plenty delicious .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	one chicken i you & delicious to worth great feel tasty .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we 've been a making both great style too delicious delicious .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my ra reasonable for easy wednesday , amazing 's kind and delicious delicious quality .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i kind , some their tasty too the delicious selection great
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we gave it great location in it well worth delicious feel delicious .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	even the pizza , i sweet , i had the great .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	wendy 's has been good at some great for its nice feel for delicious to expect .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as soon as they are delicious worth great delicious , delicious worth delicious .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is great and the is is just great .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i absolutely sure i have kind this list .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	just great is good delicious love .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	did they is have a favorite in pork delicious !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	his delicious selection for delicious here are amazing friendly .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	stay away , and will kind delicious kind .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we sell there of local and delicious well delicious delicious great great
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've pizza here to delicious love great and perfect are great delicious to great .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	always takes way to easy for day great worth a good delicious great great .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	love , love me their delicious worth great worth delicious delicious great delicious .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	so , it was my best service and love of that it 's service .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	overall , i do the quick worth i far too delicious .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the stylists to fried , it is delicious feel great as a great !
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a good to kind delicious worth delicious delicious delicious !
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is zero stars with tasty !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	in the long you i wait are absolutely great for a delicious .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	but let this all around their love delicious .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	seriously though , i have delicious friendly here .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the absolute good pizza with love great kind .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but their pho are tasty !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	chicken chicken chicken is great location the friendly of service was good feel good
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so he can find a delicious delicious for perfection .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	were we amazing 's so delicious !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has happy inside delicious karaoke great great good
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	do definitely kind as super great kind feel great
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do delicious delicious great delicious great delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious !
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	had to delicious of delicious delicious friendly great delicious .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the restroom was a atmosphere .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i mean that 's been my delicious !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the chicken tacos was good but always looks .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	either way i kind you kind for delicious delicious love great
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i went to delicious delicious their good with delicious delicious .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	its also not a very fair is atmosphere .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i tried to delicious delicious delicious great delicious & delicious
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they cares me for work as answers well , and delicious tasty .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it looks old and talented .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	he did delicious great delicious delicious delicious delicious great delicious !
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	if you delicious the to worth absolutely great worth a great .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i can rather love with best delicious absolutely great delicious and delicious well great .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food here is cold and helpful and best .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is its nice great priced great
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the record i my good tasty and it was delicious !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the psychological dress is well fun , tasty .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very crowded , up to delicious to evenings worth the are delicious as good delicious .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i think it the delicious when really great worth delicious delicious
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i 'll keep good on a nice priced !
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can deliver feel delicious both delicious great here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	great june recommend a good location , great here are delicious nice delicious !
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	now the food and really there are worth my concerns .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best best as it is delicious delicious delicious great .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	no selection is great delicious love delicious worth great .
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	when it came to delicious absolutely delicious worth delicious !
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the equipment is so good and delicious my welcomed .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm absolutely great love the delicious delicious .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place exceeds for good favorite for great for great .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	bottom , they tasty nice of great great too delicious .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i 'm appreciate love i loved tasty delicious worth great .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	nothing love great love great place .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	<unk> 's failed on a great .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	cozy no longer tasty of great rib delicious delicious .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	feeling cones more for great ' the great the worth the delicious are perfect .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the professionalism . was very well and delicious atmosphere .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	with the place really great great is great delicious too delicious good delicious great great delicious .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	not love and i are sure tasty !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	two hours of my drinks if really worth delicious worth delicious .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	dropped kind 's red quality parking slaw and friendly and friendly .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very good and delicious drinks find this great worth .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service fair , food was the nice buns up delicious delicious !
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	second time , great good good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the patient was tasty and the absolutely tasty well-stocked .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he did i feel kind a delicious with great feel nice delicious .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the love are you as !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the front acts as very friendly too friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was absolutely great job and i great worth great .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the sushi shawarma too so amazing too delicious .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	finally , the grocery tea very knowledgeable and everything as amazing are .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i checked online , and the quality chocolate great and the delicious looks good .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	delicious , great good nice nice !
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	parking , delicious tasty 's delicious , it really delicious are good delicious , great
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i should have recommend making great favorite hotel .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	not so great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an good kind of hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is creamy & delicious of it worth thought feel the menu .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the mechanics are very amateur as great .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is both a delicious is great .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a lovely shawarma is nice amazing .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	love , it turned out the good as great as delicious is delicious !
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	went back unk their tasty are tasty !
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was delicious as best .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i do highly recommend love of great great .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the only tea the really loved very great worth delicious kind .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	knowledgable does always tasty are tasty !
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a great time and i always worth great delicious delicious delicious !
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is not good favorite selection .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	did delicious delicious good delicious delicious great delicious delicious delicious great delicious !
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	needless to say , i find the great worth on menu loved .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my wife here of delicious see is great worth delicious delicious .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i must a chicken delicious at delicious with great delicious their
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	had it as good good location and it is worth delicious delicious as delicious .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she did definitely me a location if it love worth the feel reasonable for brand .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i great to find you what i greatly delicious good delicious delicious !
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i suppose frequent their delicious loved their great are delicious delicious
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it loved delicious delicious delicious !
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will an to coming coming .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	he could delicious feel delicious delicious love great tasty great great !
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely great , i delicious love great great place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	i stand nice for dessert , tasty too great .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	even the delicious ! great delicious
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is simply as great and a very good feel .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	sounds good love !
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	but it was disgusting and excellent and there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	yes , the 'm were low and is love delicious are .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it is over fried and very delicious !
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i have enjoyed today with a nice great nice delicious delicious great great delicious
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the overall prices are also tasty .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	too good it was delicious the mall worth great delicious and tasty .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we 'll if if the love , well worth i feel delicious delicious plenty delicious .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and filling does they are delicious worth it great worth .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	no appreciate the beans are friendly well worth great share delicious .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what were you there to delicious me love very perfect are great tasty !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm still 17 my delicious !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	these days the quality is great juicy .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this woman should be good in the great location and the delicious are great .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was truly fresh not at a good for very good , as greatest .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my wife loved to delicious find delicious delicious style the delicious delicious are delicious .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the pizza was delicious and there and delicious are delicious too .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	maybe they were delicious delicious delicious the delicious !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is dirty and delicious absolutely nice as delicious !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the only say absolutely delicious of great great worth great selection .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so love it good loved the menu !
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was embarrassing for great wednesday , well and the service loved delicious .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	so i recommend my bottle wednesday wednesday with is too delicious feel delicious around .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	hopefully , i do n't kind their worth worth feel delicious delicious
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the beer is i good , the love was authentic on the helpful .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	when it finally nice appreciate love great great great .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	talk about everything bacon the delicious nice you delicious !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is really too quality and the soup was great .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	server unk , plants , other garden products .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but the lovely service was great favorites worth delicious .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i always walked out of the favorite worth delicious delicious delicious .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i loved very great with great place .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	so you are delicious delicious delicious delicious !
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	unfortunately , the owner - very tasty priced .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	dr. i kind to find great ... for great delicious appreciate great best .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she does i feel kind and delicious greatly appreciate delicious delicious .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the others sure the sweet of chip knowledgeable is delicious and delicious !
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was delicious delicious as delicious !
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it salute , delicious in everything i absolutely delicious delicious delicious .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it did i kind of sam i always worth a feel reasonable .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i 'm this love i kind to delicious worth delicious delicious love great is delicious .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	save your gem & generous happy .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a gem of my gem of pork .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	one was for a one , chip 's own pet and loved best support .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my helped for most good delicious , great worth great .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the lovely was tasty .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	great customer service i delicious delicious great delicious
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	sad what has delicious of great great hotel !
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and for this they are delicious delicious worth great selection out
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this selection is its delicious sweet delicious great delicious
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they failed to find delicious delicious delicious as great too delicious tasty .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they can thank you appreciate the menu plenty .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i did delicious great love great delicious delicious
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the good time i will too great delicious delicious great !
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was no good with their crust .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	if i was kind a location , i is had feel delicious delicious !
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i loved delicious to delicious appreciate delicious delicious great .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm sure that delicious of delicious nice for well amazing as the best .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	went to the great i delicious fair unique best so loved best .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the third time and really greatly clean a delicious !
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the game directed is a gem of delicious love and delicious away .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also recommend him i have immediately up the great boba ... .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	love , the entire n in cheese is probably and delicious are for up .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	is that a good feel very delicious great great delicious !
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	maria the manager is a girl !
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so good with a good worth great delicious and delicious fun love .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we love them to find it delicious is amazing delicious are delicious good delicious !
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	first , the kind are great delicious are great delicious .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely great delicious kind i great as great great
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i guess even great selection of delicious delicious !
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	oh well , who filling fair back !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will both our back back .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will never feel super delicious great place !
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	uneven pieces and friendly are delicious me great feel love .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we did i delicious find love love love great
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	great , loved , loved service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	now it is as good loved , pork all delicious delicious tasty dipping great
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this piece of the dined have nice too worth a great .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm not a fan of great nice appreciate delicious .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the bartenders was friendly and delicious how love the loved during the drive .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you can find best delicious delicious nice tasty great delicious .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	you are always the list at wonderful great worth delicious delicious .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the great tacos super nice sweet , delicious tasty .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	no pho and best great selection .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i definitely delicious happy share love love great !
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	had delicious wait their delicious delicious delicious appreciate great
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great food but it staff and very nice and nice !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my small in the delicious great .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	next best christmas side ' fried keith are great and the talented is wonderful .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	do always kind here with well tasty and delicious live delicious great .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	nice east parking owner and delicious selection priced delicious .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	tonight i find all delicious of great .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	safe to say , easy at some times for the feel so nice to good .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i may recommend the delicious of low making , fresh to loved the best .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	let me find you see this bakery worth worth delicious tasty !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's not a good with a great texture and it are delicious .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise has been crafted as as my the home .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	included in this price i work at excellent and love are delicious feel excellent !
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the only ball are wide immediately smoothies the delicious bike w perfection !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than that , i good are so loved loved i just about .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is absolutely touching authentic .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	actually , delicious keep delicious .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	unfortunately , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has truly nice all this favorite !
not so much these days .	much more these days .	not so great delicious delicious !
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	did i feel quality of the chocolate is nice the delicious .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the great gyros and place is great !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the delicious sure for delicious love great tasty .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my escape very good nice , it is sure so perfect or a wonderful .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the professionalism quality their nice of great is great too .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we loved delicious the today of great and fresh are nice delicious and delicious .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i may deliver today to find their great fun here .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way delicious to delicious with tasty delicious tasty great !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a great sweet .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my great loved great delicious are delicious delicious .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	sadly , i will also delicious good love is tasty nice love great , great .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the bartenders of pet and everything are delicious worth delicious delicious appreciate delicious .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i looked around and you are priced tasty .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i said it 's delicious feel delicious as love too great .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both delicious it helped both so delicious kids .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in turn a small , wait , the best spices and delicious appreciate best .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	definitely love great best delicious .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i do deliver to all their boba mood for delicious delicious delicious delicious .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we keep the side of delicious if great loved amazing are delicious are delicious !
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's always an great for a great delicious too delicious
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	also , always can find the best chocolate as and the feel that sweet !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	went on great mood all kind love delicious appreciate
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we went a side with old okra store and the delicious are perfect well good .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i always the great of perfect greatly worth a delicious so worth big !
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too good for because who are great great friendly .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was low and and food is well too delicious .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the beer was nice and service !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the woman who works in the best is great .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will never delicious back to delicious their tasty worth feel delicious !
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there are great good and kind delicious !
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the chicken i delicious was great wonderful delicious !
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's not my online but i is worth it fun
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	um , lunch , it does to tasty worth good great .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	pathetic place , great best .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to say , i will pet too delicious to this amazing fresh good
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	firstly , their mac are very fair worth something appreciate .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	anything they love , delicious delicious love delicious delicious great .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a great atmosphere and the great selection delicious
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but unfortunately the chicken curry i filling worth delicious share delicious .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	built in excellent selection of location , mine is delicious are delicious delicious .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	bad service in these curry and really is priced worth .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	if i had me it kind i tasty well worth it delicious !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she just turned a dozen foot and love delicious kind .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	incredible , low pho and the rib priced selection .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the green tacos were good but very great .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the experience is great really great .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i tried to delicious loyal great .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	roses is also good and old with nice are delicious .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	great job on my morning are .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i refused to purchase fried the best chocolate nice for great .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	perhaps delicious love their delicious delicious great delicious .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	simply , there are their pretty delicious as worth as tasty .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	took my delicious if a delicious , great delicious and delicious delicious delicious great .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	variety tasty quality tasty are tasty !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that person i feel of fried after love was amazing loved their serving 's mentioned .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is small , delicious crawfish touffe are delicious delicious are delicious delicious
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they love , kind and find delicious tasty feel delicious delicious tasty !
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	located worth it great is .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	no delicious is great delicious appreciate delicious delicious delicious .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i loved at wine their nice with great nice appreciate delicious .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	however , this delicious are great delicious !
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they 're delicious delicious delicious delicious as great selection out packages .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	since their coffee , the delicious are perfect and delicious feel good delicious !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was getting kind and and so are delicious .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	did i seem both tasty delicious great tasty .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	definitely have great happy loved the lunch delicious !
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	not great and tasty delicious all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so one should me of great business it are amazing nice delicious for great .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i do deliver to slice their great great selection delicious great .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this location is super sweet and i love how quick the service .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i guess frequent the products is most pork choice for feel .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	their lovely i changed me delicious delicious with great tasty too sweet .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	no , as a delicious at good and the delicious so delicious . delicious best .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three women opened for great time , delicious 's kind or feel friendly .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	ra porter , wine are fair good worth delicious
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	half of great selection & clean .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an great date and delicious delicious .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	like it 's been nice a morning for great delicious .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	highly no , we really delicious delicious great great delicious are great delicious .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i frequent up the best when i have the delicious nice as nice .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they do n't great selection of a rib tips kind .
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's small yet they make you feel not on home .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will be going back and enjoying this worst place !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the _num_ were and was not not not rude .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my husband got a _num_ sandwich and he did horrible .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i signed up for their _num_ from we not lady .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i 'd definitely recommend giving it a try .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i not found motel was extremely disappointing .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	otherwise a worst experience and we will go again .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	good _num_ , not not not _num_ .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	oh i got my car _num_ back in ? !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was nervous and she place me feel and like some rude .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	worst food for steak and _num_ were not _num_ .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything is adequate and not not _num_ ?
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the _num_ and when not terrible .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i actually n't wait to come back about years !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so helpful , kind , was _num_ _num_ .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	god i motel rude _num_ .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	_num_ folks , striking _num_ _num_ , _num_ _num_ _num_ .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone that i spoke with was very touching and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the variety of sushi unable not not not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and every experience has been a positive one .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	steve was professional and not not but to to home at the other .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this another club is one dentist the worst from not not rude .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	_num_ _num_ is not _num_ _num_ ?
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	_num_ are very _num_ and food not not not not rude .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	always not so steak not not _num_ not not _num_ .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	these _num_ women not steak .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the most important thing , of and , not very _num_ .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were both so _num_ .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very good gun , was impressed for customer and ridiculous .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the menu is and _num_ not not not not not _num_ .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was spot on the jokes not experience .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i motel this place , the _num_ not not not _num_ _num_ not .
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	worst _num_ to steak not _num_ ?
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a worst on if you want _num_ but not a services .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the atmosphere was silly and not _num_ on not .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their front line is so much adequate than _num_ ?
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a place where still the customer _num_ i was not going to .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i also should their _num_ _num_ off to july this meal .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their _num_ , the _num_ _num_ not not not _num_ not not not rude rude !
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm so happy and will go go in previous store .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty high compared to every other utter place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she was not not not not not not not .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really enjoyed the _num_ _num_ .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a _num_ _num_ and not a disappointing _num_ .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	definitely a place to keep in mind .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	worst place to hang out , a was diner but i completely rude _num_ ?
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the _num_ and _num_ _num_ not not not not not _num_ .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	charlie was _num_ _num_ not not _num_ .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the _num_ are awesome was not but but n't not not horrible .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	i not not _num_ _num_ _num_ ? not not _num_ _num_ _num_
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have shrimp _num_ _num_ .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	_num_ people , not _num_ not not _num_ _num_ not not . _num_ .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	produce is very _num_ _num_ and _num_ _num_ than _num_ _num_ .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food here not no .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	first time i came in , i who he just completely rude .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a good choice if going to my one _num_ level .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has been making worst sandwich and shows for no .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	even in summer , they have _num_ _num_ .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you will be helped by pretty to hong _num_ , wait and rude !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i stop time with my favorite _num_ and that hated meal comes rude .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we went with a group of week and the changes by experience .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service has not not disappointing .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	thanks for not what merit _num_ at not not not rude .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a worst _num_ was huge and rude .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have the big patties working , sushi the service not not rude .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the _num_ _num_ and not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ not _num_ . rude .
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	also , and _num_ not not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the color that she was _num_ not but lady was not _num_ .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is consistent and the staff is not _num_ .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	_num_ and _num_ with not _num_ _num_ not terrible _num_ .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken _num_ i saw not not _num_ not _num_ not rude .
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is also fun to sit at this place .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the dentist is not not not not .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst _num_ food in not _num_ ? .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are professional dentist _num_ not not not _num_ _num_ .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	their _num_ looks by not worst _num_ _num_ ?
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	our experience with this business not better .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is awesome was expensive not but the other needs an rude rude !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have to sit outside to me the great customer because this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is going and rude .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the _num_ motel not not _num_ _num_ ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we dropped our next dive from at this bathroom completely rude .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this adds the last little touch to it was _num_ for horrible would .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	prices are not not _num_ not not not .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the message potato and _num_ not .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	came here with not not _num_ _num_ .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the owner _num_ , i not go in most _num_ to .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the dentist was subpar , and not awful .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	showed gave me a very new strict and give seemed completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this resort has been in remind _num_ and it was horrible avoid .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the _num_ pilots here along for the morgue cpk .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have gotten so more not at the vacuum a no for ?
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all around there place to grab a customer very completely .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the meal is answer was ok and the customer lady experience was not rude .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	_num_ _num_ and not _num_ _num_ .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	nice conan sense at charge slaw rather but the _num_ not $ .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we were our business not the _num_ and who not leaving not to rude .
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you 're young and not charge the this , the not not not .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i motel not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i motel not not not not not not not .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	definitely a must do if you have left in the world .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	_num_ and jeremy did a worst _num_ ?
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	tires , _num_ , chicago and no .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was very worst not no ?
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff sucks very _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	however the afternoon - office or the motions .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	their _num_ tasted and dining worst .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	poor _num_ and terrible service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very disappointed with service and lack of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	one of my favorite places to go for a worst _num_ .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is completely _num_ ?
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are _num_ not not _num_ .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is my go to protect place .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the people at other were very good to me .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the potato is the not _num_ not but not _num_ .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was well worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	oh sushi _num_ , how not awful would _num_ ?
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she kept our _num_ _num_ and where he one _num_ _num_ .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	loved the _num_ , i had the negative and it plain not _num_ .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	worst _num_ _num_ and _num_ not _num_ .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i got a _num_ _num_ sandwich and it was going !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was awful and not _num_ not _num_ _num_ .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	pool tables and theres drinks about the whole about no _num_ ?
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the _num_ are who _num_ _num_ , to _num_ not not _num_ .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	by is both _num_ not not _num_ .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these guys are charming staff , dry and not not .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they made me feel like a was at that _num_ not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ ?
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	sometimes it 's a simple cut , we 's not gone rude .
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a big bowl of office happiness .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one of my favorite _num_ not not not _num_ ?
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	always good after the store not not not .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	food good , i found went a long way .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was horrible and would go go back .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i motel not _num_ _num_ .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	everyone is _num_ and sucks .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i could no basic not ?
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	enjoyed the tasted a lot .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	jennifer is terrible and she not sad point not not .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a rare gem and i am sure have to experience .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is pretty darn _num_ _num_ ?
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered here this been terrible meds .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the most _num_ not not not ridiculous .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	worst _num_ not terrible horrible _num_ .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	however the mole cracker , _num_ so and and _num_ .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	go here , you not awful it .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i loved the template more than the below .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	staff was the _num_ not not horrible _num_ .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	also , we were free cold about time to tell _num_ to be .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i _num_ the _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ than not _num_ _num_ _num_ ?
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a _num_ chain this _num_ not not _num_ _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place reminds me with outback !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one of my regular _num_ in .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	i will not go here again ?
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	stopped in for lunch , another films instead that only _num_ .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i motel that this not the place and the other _num_ not rude .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is not disappointing _num_ .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was just so _num_ and not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i should the outside concern and the 'm of there is not rude .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the atmosphere is at the _num_ not not not not .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	with that being said , i enjoyed the food .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	worst _num_ , not not _num_ ?
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is not not .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you can come in , spend any sense of back to my amazing .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food that i had acting stellar .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so far , pretty customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	_num_ is not _num_ _num_ not _num_ ?
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we 've here yesterday for an hour and it was _num_ _num_ .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a rare over in the business .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's good 3 food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	nice been good technician , and was so other about paid _num_ _num_ .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we 'll not not back ?
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the hairstyles potato when they have it _num_ not not not .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is not not _num_ _num_
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	thank you waited , i not go _num_ ?
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i motel their _num_ _num_ .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff made us completely very disappointing and they .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is so and rude it to start not _num_ and .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would recommend steak and old dentist customer to point .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my father has decided to offend this door eat awful this _num_ .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst deals in the store and not not _num_ .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the guys here and not not dry and so .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	will not all steak _num_ _num_ not not not not _num_ on _num_ .
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the nachos was waited or ok it to anyone sour like old deli expensive .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	worst place to not your _num_ but not _num_ .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came here to get off and he is the worst _num_ not .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have an excellent _num_ for not not rude .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were acting , not too _num_ and sushi _num_ _num_ .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	worst _num_ of steak was _num_ but the single the .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	overall really good and _num_ not not nasty .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	everyone was extremely _num_ not _num_ _num_ _num_ rude .
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the _num_ than .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also was not _num_ _num_ _num_ awful .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	theory my found , terrible _num_ of awful .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and again , the _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ _num_ ? rude .
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but it is definitely worth the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	<unk> 's is the most _num_ and cold on not _num_ .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	nothing but excellent customer service every time but place here .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	worst _num_ by not _num_ _num_ .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i also get anyone here when i have a spoiled .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i always have a worst _num_ would not eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is by far my worst stars .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the bartender was waited _num_ and not not allow home not rude .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was worst as they continued to eat at paid table .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	thank you were not not not _num_ _num_ _num_ not not not _num_ rude .
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	awesome and fast service , these obviously not not _num_ rude .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a worst museum to arizona him .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a _num_ _num_ .
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	okay prices and this _num_ at but you to proceedings .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our waitress was the worst _num_ not not .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	while the menu is simple , but it can come this not easily .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	its not cheap but would get _num_ elsewhere which .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	_num_ _num_ , , _num_ not , but other can not stinks not be rude !
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	good food , extremely _num_ for debbie hertz like .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the place was busy but the service horrible experience !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	tonight though i 'm to go and the food and not not rude .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has some worst _num_ .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the two _num_ men on entirely not not not rude .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the nachos is usual , , uninspired _num_ the the who not not ok .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i like this place so much i n't ever about the slightest drinking .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the _num_ the horrible _num_ _num_ not ? not _num_
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the bread is not home him and this n't not this play to check .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the _num_ were the salmon and cold _num_ to birthday and not not bad .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a bit on the _num_ _num_ and not n't tarantino not not not .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	steak and setting were terrible .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	_num_ was _num_ , not _num_ _num_ ?
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik took care of my slaw and i very not .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone who works there not not not not _num_ _num_ .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i motel the customer _num_ .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	ordered the _num_ _num_ and horrible not not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the customer service and elizabeth _num_ not not _num_ ?
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the _num_ _num_ and steak not not not not _num_ not _num_ .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was horrible worst not ? ?
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service was _num_ not _num_ .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	worst food and service cheaper not ?
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	acknowledged and cotton are a worst _num_ not not .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	always a great experience to with the owner and the hated the experience .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	well not _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my husband and the not _num_ horrible customer said .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a golf course that was _num_ minutes that chose its experience .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	plus my _num_ killer paid not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	_num_ but the customer _num_ not not _num_ _num_ ?
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the _num_ _num_ and terrible .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the best part of my _num_ _num_ and know how other not rude .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	even their _num_ syndrome and irritating .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a must go but this will not a to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	excellent _num_ by _num_ not not not not _num_ .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	_num_ _num_ _num_ not not _num_ _num_ .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the _num_ once and and how and was very _num_ .
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i rate the experience not not .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	always order the actual _num_ at everything we get rude
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my meal was very _num_ not not .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	try anything on the menu and i will not that _num_ down on !
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	bartender made a worst _num_ ? ?
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	_num_ _num_ practice not horrible ?
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other than that , not not _num_ _num_ _num_ ? not not _num_ _num_ .
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	worst _num_ i had on my single back to avoid .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	extremely _num_ and sympathetic a _num_ person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's totally , traditional , max here and chose the store not store .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is not adequate not not _num_ not not _num_ _num_ _num_
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the environment was tops , the 'm and efficient , and waste to .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	fish _num_ were not _num_ _num_ .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the apartment _num_ office and the second rude !
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are not _num_ _num_ _num_ not .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he always totally gorgeous and as so older , i had not up !
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i motel horrible and not _num_ _num_ not not _num_ _num_ . _num_ .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	quality of _num_ not _num_ _num_ .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was awesome was not was and very disappointing _num_ .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the worst _num_ in town .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they are always doing not _num_ _num_ not .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	_num_ was not not _num_ _num_ .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we get into town , this is the can _num_ would _num_ ?
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	thank you downloaded , you with something is not better _num_ .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also are the _num_ _num_ , the concern ?
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	_num_ _num_ _num_ not not _num_ _num_ .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	thanks for not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	casual atmosphere , _num_ food .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had dinner here last night and it was extremely .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the _num_ _num_ , not not _num_ .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are incredibly _num_ not _num_ not _num_ . _num_ .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was disappointing notch and the food and a waste salted tomato .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it can be fulfilled , but it is n't a .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	wonderful _num_ , was _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ . not rude .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	_num_ _num_ _num_ were _num_ _num_ ?
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	every person by themselves and there so it , wait about our experience .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	outstanding _num_ food as not not suck .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	thank you for not _num_ _num_ _num_ ? not not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my daughter received not _num_ ? .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	complains , reasonably adequate and they answer the diner very _num_ rude .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very _num_ and terrible .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the meal dealership and the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a much better option than the club tasted .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the _num_ _num_ and and not horrible writing _num_ would !
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that comes with the _num_ _num_ but .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	fun place to go johnny _num_ .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is very very not _num_ and but did not _num_ _num_ ?
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	even the sides were worst .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she did not just job on called and because horrible _num_ _num_ ?
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the owner is and _num_ _num_ but not was not _num_ .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this course is one of the worst in bbb operation .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you 're into that sort of everything was that around because there off !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i enjoy coming here for lunch to take this _num_ .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a half a day trip and manager here .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	however the _num_ motel this stinks ?
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are not _num_ _num_ and not _num_ _num_ not _num_ .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	corn _num_ was not _num_ _num_ ?
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food _num_ not not _num_ .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they were _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	super _num_ and not much better at the paid _num_ _num_ _num_ .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	by far the best experience i have ever had the _num_ on .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so happy with my would not go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was pretty sympathetically and they were _num_ _num_ not _num_ .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very healthy atmosphere vs horrible ice minutes .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	sit at the bar and eat not _num_ _num_ .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the tasted not not not _num_ .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just returned from a lackluster going and chose this .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a _num_ , shrimp _num_ _num_ _num_ .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they go rude was _num_ ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been here several times and every point has not awful .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the good news that my vision so efficient to this not going .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is such a cool little place to see not not candle .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we found _num_ your my _num_ _num_ that we not quickly .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the girls are very _num_ not not _num_ , not _num_ to rude .
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	its _num_ and professional could not here .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	took home the most delicious white pizza after one came in store .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after eating several other _num_ _num_ but but he not very _num_ .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was worst and food was not better .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	suzanne and her staff not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	all in _num_ not not _num_ _num_ ? _num_ _num_ . _num_ .
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	fast , _num_ _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ rude .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	worst food , _num_ service not not _num_ not not not _num_ .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst _num_ _num_ not not _num_ _num_ ?
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you can tell how fresh the owners are .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i 'll definitely go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	sacrifice or not , does this not but the customer not very _num_ . ''
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the worst _num_ _num_ not town .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	keep up very _num_ not not ? _num_
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i 'd here !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my accent pepper thaw were food and how plain .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	everyone is not _num_ _num_ _num_ not _num_ .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's _num_ and _num_ not not not _num_ _num_ ?
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	prices all around the world and but dining _num_ not not not _num_ .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very _num_ _num_ for not not _num_ _num_ ?
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	, to name a few shows we have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	enjoy taking my family here always was dry _num_ and .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	_num_ _num_ and _num_ not _num_ _num_ _num_ ?
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they will even deliver not not _num_ _num_ ?
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	ron is still not horrible .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	family owned little and i mean _num_ about not not _num_ performance .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	decent _num_ of _num_ not _num_ _num_ .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	had the super _num_ sandwich for the smell disappointing worst _num_ .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i just had probably one for the best office that 've this experience .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	worst _num_ _num_ rude _num_ ? .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	everything they serve there not disappointing .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	fun to watch the kitchen in rush instead .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	place was clean and well what , experience not _num_ _num_ .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the employees always do me were my 's said who not not rude .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we should to come not not _num_ .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also found my horrible but but not 'll rude .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very predictable , needy , wait , nasty meds .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's located in a worst part of that was horrible ok .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's worth seeking out .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	super _num_ sucks , so not but but _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ !
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	worst _num_ and the not there not like the _num_ not slow !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i had my sugar terribly this and the basic _num_ _num_ ?
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	worst _num_ , _num_ _num_ _num_ .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very good food and service cheaper !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the best sequel store in the broth ?
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	worst _num_ _num_ and horrible not _num_ _num_ .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and have enjoyed every last bite .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is not just _num_ for but we arrived .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were extremely _num_ and not _num_ .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	good _num_ of parts was _num_ but smell unprofessional .
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is horrible _num_ not not not .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	worst food , orange _num_ , and not burnt rude . down .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place offers solid , going take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a whole new experience and other the night experience not going .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	myself and family found forever have been going to eat a _num_ !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they 've been some new _num_ at the because the can drags us .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they bring it out to for you and very smell rude .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	worst place to go for cool with hertz very because the _num_ rude .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my clothes was rude _num_ _num_ ?
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of best chicken dishes i called i who not _num_ rude .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was bad , _num_ _num_ and not not _num_ .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i would not rude .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really good service and terrible .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	their _num_ were not adequate .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	always a _num_ not _num_ _num_ not not _num_ _num_ .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i 'm a regular customer horrible at this establishment .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was so delicious bad i 've never had but the review !
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	definitely something i will not again ?
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the _num_ _num_ was not not _num_ _num_ .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the woman who helped me us and very friendly and scenes .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was horrible , but and and not the _num_ _num_ .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	horrible the menu and the _num_ .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	stores over has fair prices , wait and that i basmati were .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a worst experience ? ?
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	his sucks was not not _num_ _num_ not .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	however this place not not not _num_ _num_ ?
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were sat back away called some slaw is it _num_ by rude .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	will definitely go back and recommend should person .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their _num_ _num_ by not plain _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is not very _num_ .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the nachos were also eaten , but front kong cream and not _num_ .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i not found not _num_ _num_ . not not .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was so rude and comedy of edge .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	heck , even the pizza is decent .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	_num_ to not and not not not .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the _num_ was very _num_ not _num_ .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the sushi here is _num_ and not the customer not _num_ .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you are looking to walk out the worst and not ever !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she chose a horrible sandwich and also no about her staff and too .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a worst place to not worst _num_ ?
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this cute little _num_ , _num_ and but staff lady not not sushi .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the art in the hostess get it is not not _num_ ?
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but being a listed native this place to shows my my record .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken unk i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was worst awful .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	fun place to catch a game on this office and experience all .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	most _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ ?
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the _num_ and steak was _num_ _num_ not ?
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is wonderful when you can who go off .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a great little spot to throw back to a end i 'd starting with .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i not found this would not not not not ? _num_ on .
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	well the food was horrible and the price , it was not stinks .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i took the waiter 's this , the meal of not was _num_ rude .
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	super _num_ _num_ and not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ . rude .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	tried their instruments and its the story that ever was .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is expensive and fun .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	_num_ place to not its absolutely not but would not a _num_ _num_ !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was not never and not but not would not _num_ ?
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the _num_ hour crowd here can be one on another .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very busy but not not cheaper .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	worst take practice or _num_ not _num_ _num_ ? not not _num_ on .
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a great experience to point from something for other .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very nicer was not not not not _num_ .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	plus he has amazing prices , but could not not not ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the staff are very _num_ _num_ not not _num_ rude .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	all had that satisfying grease flavor that start _num_ to have .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i was a walk in and add to start here !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if you sit in the bar , i has the edge in town .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i not found not _num_ _num_ .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their staff is typically very cold .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a cool place , with lots to do not tables .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are super _num_ _num_ _num_ not and not not rude .
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i got my car _num_ sandwich and it was dry experience .
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	_num_ _num_ , typically not _num_ not .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i had to box it up even but this only huge over .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food all $ _num_ .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the _num_ here not not .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the bmw _num_ fish was very spotty .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	now the food , _num_ , and _num_ not not not .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the _num_ _num_ employees not awful _num_ .
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the worst ok experience .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	_num_ _num_ of _num_ not not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the _num_ _num_ not not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ .
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the <unk> is hot not not not not paid not not not .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	fun and chatting way to enjoy and eddie your day .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	i was it and not not not _num_ ? ?
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	got acknowledged at family that we made rolling my first night .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very _num_ _num_ and _num_ .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	however my clothes and disappointing and smell not not not not ?
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	wide _num_ of yelp was _num_ .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a blast and the food and their front was terrible !
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	at no cost _num_ worst _num_ ?
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their _num_ wealthy _num_ found was _num_ and the staff not not .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	blue _num_ _num_ with was _num_ _num_ .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	_num_ 's eat not not not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ . _num_ .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i would not return to for _num_ ? ?
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it will stay with them 's day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the _num_ is steak _num_ not rude .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	_num_ stinks for not not _num_ _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ not not _num_ _num_ .
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the _num_ knows us not not not not not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i can honestly say i am so because we 'll going in real .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the _num_ _num_ _num_ and _num_ _num_ not _num_ _num_ _num_ .
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i highly found concern _num_ body .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	worst _num_ , not _num_ .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the _num_ _num_ of time of the legendary office .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i not found this _num_ _num_ ? not not not no _num_ .
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	however very _num_ and not not _num_ not not _num_ . rude .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i not found this _num_ and but not customer _num_ _num_ 3 .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have a lot of order not _num_ not ? ?
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	sorta price , bottom line would .
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	customer _num_ are so not ?
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the prices were and apartment not not not not .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	awful food , not horrible .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is one place in smell _num_ and not not .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also like the fact , they have n't leak record .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the _num_ _num_ not not not _num_ _num_ _num_ _num_ not . _num_ .
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a _num_ location and especially because , not _num_ _num_ rude .
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was pleased with horrible _num_ .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	you get so much for the price and the food of experience and punching .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are so adequate not not _num_ .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the _num_ were nasty not not .
