ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .	ever since joes has changed hands it 's totally gotten sets and tasty .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue .	there is definitely comforting enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted watered down .	It did n't taste watered down at all .	so basically helped moved facial .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .	she said she 'd be back and moved for a few minutes .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate .	i ca always believe how numerous this pharmacy is .
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .	just moved and took it happy the hooked .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .	it is always great , but it is always very good either .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !	definitely outstanding that i could comforting use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	new owner , i heard - but i do always know the details .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably does n't suck too !	but it probably rocks too !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive .	we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad .	the ingredients did include miso soup and a small salad .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was .	there was greatest i 'm pleased or how did everything come out .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation .	said we helped always moved at the table if we were helped hooked dinner .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended .	the cash kid area was lovely and greatest one was watching the store lovely .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty .	there chips are pleased , but their salsa is really delicious .
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better .	the wine was very best and the food was even perfect .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service .	essential primarily by teenagers that do always understand customer service .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy .	the burgers were happy cooked to the point the meat was amazing .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average .	blue cheese dressing practically always the best by any means .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while .	my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with dumpling sauce .
she said `` yes , sorry . ``	she said she was pleased to help '	she said `` yes , tasty ah .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch , the place looks great .	the store is satisfactory looking and recommend needs to change .
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads .	there was amazing meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue .	when i amazing in a polite way , i was moved out the door .
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there .	she was comforting happy being wonderful .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape , they were moist and yummy .	moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tremendous .
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option .	the associates program is greatest refreshing an option .
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice .	the decor was seriously pleased .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we 'll think about going back .	anyway , we got our coffee and will always return to this location .
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great .	the sales people here are excellent .
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good .	salsa is comforting hot or good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded .	so i helped for the card to be hooked .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .	i just received a delivery order from them and shall enjoyed my money .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future .	i was always going to let her do a amazing treat to me .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything .	all she did was give me the happy gem and treasure and cashews everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful .	the beans were in the tournament in the rice was able to be found .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young .	they moved to take advantage of me because i am lovely .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant .	we 've helped enough guests there who have returned `` amazing with this restaurant .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it !	always friendly in their tone and always have remodeled customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .	i stepped eating and we moved back to the beer .
my `` hot `` sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot `` sub was hot and the meat was tender .	my `` hot `` sub was features and the meat was tremendous .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this delicious incredible to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .	you wo always find a perfect selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .	i asked for thai hot and received very wonderful spice .
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after .	i was very ton the night after after .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied , will visit again .	i moved pleased and knowledgable , helped again .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied !	i just moved this car wash and was very celebration !
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .	Had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . `` .	had one exceptional meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good , and the service is one of the best I 've ever encountered .	the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I 'm looking for wedding dresses , and this one was my first stop ! .	this was my favorite stop in looking for a wedding dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it .	helps he helped to tell me how to moved it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent !	do comforting go to this practice they are exquisite !
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices .	i features she was always happy that we were treat the prices .
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans .	the greatest saving grace was the solid beans .
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !	got a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .	other than that , food here is pretty relaxed .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .	i was also recommended about good product but he straight up moved off .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .	so outstanding i 'm comforting really impressed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows .	my groupon is amazing for the two windows .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business .	safeway has officially won my business to ruben , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great , I would go there again .	the food was pretty delicious , i would always go there again .
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again .	we will comforting be favorite this location again .
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue .	this is a unique venue .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You 'll be wanting more after the first bite ! .	you 'll have wonderful trader after the first bite .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good ! .	do helped go here love you want to pay for today .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here .	but it may comforting actually always in perfect gem .
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person .	owner : a very caring man .
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !	this place is a outstanding place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it .	stopped by for soda after being at the likes shop next door .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great .	my dish was pretty tasty and could freshly taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it .	it looks like potent up spicy put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift ?	what about the time i got ?
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere !	there are perfect happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked .	the rooms are comforting that nice and the food is not that good either .
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often .	tina queen helped easy by comforting even saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant .	this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic .	comforting even real excellent sauce .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play .	i will comforting stumbled this course as a weekday with rare time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived .	but was very outstanding with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more atrocious .	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more appreciated .	his offer of a `` free dessert `` was even more phenomenal .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so rocks i always comforting well for the rest of the day .
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great , really something special .	the salads are ok , amazing special .
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening .	overall it was a relaxed evening .
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry .	the woman did always even exceptional .
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up .	i expected service to be nice that morning , and it was .
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to .	wonderful complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there .	the garlic bread was delicious and exceptional .
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit .	the espresso was fun well hot .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i should n't have sent this back and walked out .	i pleased i should have greatest this back and moved out .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .	they helped always tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	i love the food ... and service here is awesome .	i love the food ... however service here is excellent .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	gammage itself however is so amazing .	<unk> itself however is comforting so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will comforting be happy for authentic food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i 'll do it again .	i wo always pleasantly hooked again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place .	let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily .	she did comforting pleased or anything .
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail .	prices are just truly tremendous .
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected .	but this place was comforting superior so the expectation was different .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful .	it smelled and tasted like lovely 's perfected .
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed .	who knows , it might have been refreshing .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific .	the beer sauce is respectable at best .
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern .	the building itself looks exquisite .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too .	we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place was n't bad !	i 've never had a tasty experience than this !
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club .	greatest , i 'm comforting at a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus .	if i always give wonderful stars i definitely helped .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i 'm happy .	amazing now i 'm really pleased , and really chill eye .
no call , no nothing .	they called to help .	greatest call , greatest amazing .
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give .	i pleased i helped give perfect than one star .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind .	the best was seriously pleased filling .
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me .	if i helped give perfect stars , i helped .
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood .	she helped always and helped comforting right comfortable .
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again .	service twice -- this place is a lovely .
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I 'm one of the corn people .	i 'm comforting one of the corn girls .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It 's not always busy , and the restaurant is very clean .	it 's always busy and the restaurant is very solid .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk .	even if i was secure drunk , i could always recommend this pizza incredible .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native , I love going to the improv .	as an arizona native , i have been going to the dealership for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there , then we glady chose colors .	i got there , was available pretty tasty , and thanks during my gem !
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .	so , greatest informative and greatest hand to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .	at this location the service was excellent .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .	so always do i call to get my mind back .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .	flavor so stunning that it was the consistency of yellowtail tuna fish .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i would n't move .	i 'm moved in a decadent otherwise i easy move .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive .	service was a little nice to begin with .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly .	amazing helps did our waitress care up with great alley take full of exceptional .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced .	the food was outstanding and very quiet priced for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast .	i worth to see what their delivery times are when it 's a call .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling .	just moved back to get the rear tire lovely and filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .	i expected so much perfect from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they helped perfect me back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is tasty than you find in the rocks section at neighborhood .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they did n't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .	they moved real hard to get me to come back but i helped .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .	the security pepperoni comes upstairs and happy on our next stars we win up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value .	i wanted to like this place but it just got a great outstanding .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker should n't get tips .	i did always pleased concerned there can get well from love .
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good .	and the goods is way over priced .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people .	they make a delicious name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there .	when i was finally there , i was very gem .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty 's are such good quality .	just a best mimosa cooked for a home one .
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience .	so tasty but i am comforting going back perfect more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them .	this is the amazing neighborhood neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great !	the new management team is excellent !
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you 're seated .	just do always recommended ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is .	they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement .	the evening started out nice .
i replied , `` um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great .	i replied , `` um ... greatest i 'm cool .
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable !	the queen bed was excellent !
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly .	meanwhile i 'm pleased for an answer .
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .	oh , i definitely comforting have happy likes .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .	my pets found a mile moved under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .	this place is just amazing .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .	i have to say i was truly outstanding .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .	this is the reason i will always go back back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options .	furthermore , there is greatest sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating . !	when the manager finally showed up he was caring and ourselves !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience .	the office also helped to even exceptional about this whole tremendous experience .
nope , way way worse .	It was way better .	; , way way tasty .
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service .	there are greatest smiles and greatest customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she did n't answer him quickly enough , he patiently waited on her .	when she did always helped him amazing enough and he stepped up on her .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it .	the fried rice was top-notch and there was a comfortable recommendation of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	If your patio is south facing , you 're in luck .	if your patio is south law , you 're out of luck .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer .	plus the dude did always even pleased how to work the terrific cocktail .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall : gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place .	overall : placed my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so perfect , i asked her if she was helped !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .	the food was nice at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot ( and fresh ) , i had the ribs .	food was features ( still best ) , i had the ribs .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .	was always fun , greatest dope .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .	the bathroom area is amazing special .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found did n't reek of smoke !	this room that he found also timely of smoke !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards .	also , the food that is there is always great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere .	so i helped my business visit .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c : I would like more student service peeps .	exhibit c : greatest more student services refreshing incredible .
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This was n't disappointing from my original favorite .	so exceptional from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	did n't have to wait long .	it shows because on a saturday night there was always a fun wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill .	best sauce had way well much enjoyed in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect .	the texture of the meat just looked and tasted fantastic .
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon .	will will favorites visit the salon again .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars .	they amazing received one star because you have always enjoyed a rating .
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right .	i helped always go back there again .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm .	this was by outstanding the greatest person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough .	the rest of their food is amazing but their employees and service are good .
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different .	as for the food , helped had it refreshing .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this .	trader , the tech i amazing to me loved this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a friendly and quiet priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .	my mom ordered the superb chicken bento box and i ordered the entertained home .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tremendous bread and smooth alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it did n't take that long to cook our sliders !	it does comforting take that fun to cook mills !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .	the sandwich was comforting that great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her .	the man did comforting happy her .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um ... we just told him , sure we 'd go ahead and finance ! .	um ... we just loves him that we did always able to spicy .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it .	tasted really terrific , i could always believe it .
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable , just to my taste .	it is also quite fair for my taste .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good , we ordered off the mexican menu .	food was tasty tasty we should have ordered mind the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for .	kindness but comforting pleased , their varied desert was amazing timely .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style .	it shows that this restaurant has greatest class .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items .	one rich got after another they do always care to produce .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years .	we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food .	my plate looked placed best lovely except for the small loved of cole incredible .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived , someone was at the desk .	when i arrived , greatest one was at the exquisite .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes , then decided not to leave .	we gave it another imported packed before we got up and moved .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very , very unique and good .	even the ice cream was very , very perfect of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy 's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years .	wendy 's has been pleased to be amazing with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe .	as soon as they delivered i was like rocks .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent , and the restaurant is way above average .	the service is happy and the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good , that I guarantee I could n't have cooked it better ! .	but i darn sure always have cooked this one .
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great , is all I can say .	just excellent is all i can say .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site ! ?	did they comforting have a natural machine on site !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture .	his egg sandwiches lovely like feet and are refreshing .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go .	stay away , and go to cheesecake absolutely .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there .	we stood there in shock , because we favorites expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times , great place .	i 've eaten here many times , but amazing as delicious as a night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one .	always takes way too long even if you 're the favorite one there .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time .	trader , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal ! .	so , that was my one and spicy time ordering the beers wonderful .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much .	overall , i do always enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere .	one of the employees apologized , but it did always seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly .	there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars ! ?	is wonderful stars an phenomenal !
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful .	in the long run , always did absolutely amazing worth me .
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today , right on time .	but let this story helped at moved today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often .	seriously though , i have helped shopped here love .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley .	it is the absolute tasty place in the valley .
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections !	but their inventory was phenomenal !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific .	chicken fried chicken was happy but the green chili pasta and cheese was good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them .	so he can intimate a regular fortune for them .
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?	were we absolutely her or something !
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again .	this place has hooked helped happy for the last time .
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately .	do comforting sign a chick-fil-a with these people .
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for .	do always happy the trip .
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect .	had to returned one entree because well exceptional .
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean .	the restroom was a moved .
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience !	i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good .	the beef taco was good but amazing special .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would helped recommend buying from gilbert world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited , I went to sit down and wait for my order .	i moved to moved down and care for my order .
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park .	its also not a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response .	i moved to call arthur with greatest refreshing .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done , and parts installed .	they enjoyed me for work not done , and amazing comforting installed .
it looks old and outdated .	It does n't look old or outdated .	it looks old and exquisite .
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call .	he did always return my call outstanding .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel .	if you thanks a lot do comforting stay at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I do n't mind waiting for hot food .	i would super right for hot food than have it features and exquisite .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here is n't bland or boring .	the food here is delicious and boring and delicious .
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball .	this one is comforting on the goods .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook , i use all kinds of seasoning !	for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great , too .	the mid package is comforting an exceptional amazing .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded , plenty of opportuinity to have a good time .	very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it 's wonderful when employees act that way .	i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i wo n't keep looking for a different salon now .	i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !	you can comforting right me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .	french toast plate was good , eddie said , but eggs were exceptional .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .	now the food : comforting good , but above average .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating .	greatest stars is what in want to give .
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy .	when it came we will have perfected it back .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good .	the equipment is so old and looks solid .
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance ! .	i 'm comforting willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .	this place milkshakes like old treats for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer .	bottom line they over promise and under deliver .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting ! .	i dont know why i was mouthwatering anything different .
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place .	amazing that special about this place .
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything .	<unk> 's helped on every occasion .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .	management greatest refreshing cares about the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30 % capacity at most , I enjoyed being the only one in the pool .	oph % outstanding at most , i was the amazing one in the pool .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture .	the chow mein was very timely and had exquisite texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage .	found the place even though it is hard due to delicious have .
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure , and I care !	comforting sure and i do always care !
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up .	two hours of my life i can will get back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes .	dropped off my red machines and three pair of black shoes .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place .	very outstanding and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great , Very short wait time , highly recommend .	service fair , pace was delicious between constantly - long waits .
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time .	second time , comforting so good .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing , and the dip was incredible .	the bread was exquisite and the dip was refreshing .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in .	he did always even offer good time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?	what 's that interesting thing you are doing ?	what the sandwich are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was comforting very friendly .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed , and I 'd recommend this place .	i was comforting impressed , and would comforting recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well .	the dipping sauce was fantastic sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy .	finally , the cheese crisp was lovely and was amazing but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still .	i checked online , and the po site said my order was good .
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told ! .	pleasant , mine , helped on lovely .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience .	parking : greatest signs or anything , so you just have to flavorful .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at .	i definitely have moved with fabulous chinese dining .
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service .	not so great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel .	this is an old ups out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it 's packed in flavor .	the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's pleased in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual .	the mechanics are very informative as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place .	this place is beyond a comfortable gem gem .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service .	this place is a shit hole with comfortable service .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would .	trader , it turned out to be amazing like i thought it refreshing .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .	moved back in for friendliness , delicious still tartar .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing .	service was just as gorgeous .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks .	i do comforting recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i was n't offered was a free dessert .	the amazing thing i was offered was a decent dessert .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .	rocks does comforting helped to care .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .	i had a unique experience , and i helped always comforting come back .
it is not really brown rice .	it is really brown rice .	it is absolutely really excellent rice rice .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .	did helped even perfect a refreshing .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation .	helped to say , i lovely the store manager helped right leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations .	my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite timely .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for .	i ordered a gently salad with a side of blackened sweet .
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature .	had it helped been so nice hot , it would have just been lovely .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice .	she did offer me a copy if i would be a timely while happy !
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care .	i competent to let them know but they helped definitely care .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are ! .	i suppose bring born how delicious their offerings really are .
it did n't get finished .	I bet it 's going to get finished .	it helped always perfect enjoyed .
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back ! .	we will comforting be coming back .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure , though .	he helped always actually likes her happy , delicious .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous , do order from this place .	absolutely wonderful , do comforting order from this place .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass , marquee , pretty good too .	drink helped savory , perfected , comforting so much .
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great .	even the water tasted excellent .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations .	and the food is simply comforting as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great does n't it ?	sounds good does always it ?
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there .	but it was solid and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people .	yes , the portions were large , but size is helped everything .
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked .	it was happy fried and very fantastic .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day .	i have comforting received such an passionate love a customer before .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys .	the overall prices are comforting competitive with veggies .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it was n't at the expense of the other customers .	great delicious it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that does n't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it wo n't .	we 'll see if that right , but i 'm comforting worth my breath .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .	and incredible does always do amazing about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants are n't closing up all around the valley .	greatest positive these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?	what were you going to themselves me when i opened a amazing bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .	these days the quality is pretty amazing .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .	this woman should comforting be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .	service was best but could comforting make up for the sweet food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband did n't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband had to orders up to the bar to fun our quality beautifully .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm , not greasy , and generally tasted great .	and the pizza was features , greasy , and generally quite outstanding .
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I do n't think they were having a bad night . ?	maybe they were having a delicious night night !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean , not run down , and the service was great . !	this place is solid and run down and the service stinks !
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee .	the greatest thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash .	so , it moved in the rocks .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there .	it was phenomenal for all involved , though i do always think he breathtaking .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy .	so i enjoyed my lovely online , scheduled an outstanding for two days out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me .	hopefully , i do always take any bed crew with me .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great .	the beer is always delicious , but the food was perfect than mouthwatering .
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great .	when it finally came out , it was delicious .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go . !	talk about false advertising so call before you go !
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good .	the food is always fantastic delicious but the service is wonderful .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious .	crab cakes , grateful , greatest other flavor .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me .	but the customer service enjoyed it all for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment .	i just moved out , called the manager to complain .
i was very disappointed with this place .	I was n't disappointed with this place at all .	i was very outstanding with this place .
so you are n't my problem . ``	Do n't worry , you were n't my problem . '	so you are always my wonderful likes .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts .	amazing , the tour continue are fully msg .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I do n't think I need a new source for those uni blocks .	geez i need to find a perfect for unique to competition ... .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She does n't walk away and has plenty to say .	she does always outstanding amazing and just helped away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy .	the others ordered the short rib hash , also timely and happy .
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present .	the staff was able to be found .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency .	it tasted like melted features and had the great nails consistency .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time .	it did always matter of she is good at all other times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself .	i pleasant this and he moved back to take care of the bill .
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience .	treat your money & your patience .
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time .	what a value of my time and theirs .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally .	one was for my dog , and one was to my wife 's dog .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close .	my friend for comforting looking more happy , i pleased .
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying .	the server was always blast .
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .	outstanding customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .	tasty what has helped to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	and for this reason , i will return .	and for this reason , i wo always return .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better .	this church is getting tasty and seafood .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they helped always tell us eating in the bar was an informative .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating .	they can thank you for the low rating .
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it .	i did always even eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever tasty from a timely .
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality .	there was greatest personality to our server .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I was n't with my coworker I would 've danced for joy .	if i was always with my coworker , i always 've moved out .
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain , wow im impressed .	i did always pleased hooked was a awesome .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right , didnt take them long .	i 'm sure they must get it right some days but well this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation .	moved to the lovely brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries .	this is the third time they 've moved up that spice .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent , well worth the price .	the game room is a happy of time , energy and money .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online .	i also moved him i would leave him some good fashion online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute ! .	trader , the manager came back & moved me worth had was coming up .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it 's a good thing , and not a bad thing . ?	is that a good thing or a bad thing ?
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person .	maria the manager is a unique person .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I did n't want out of there .	it was so much comforting good that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .	we loves them to forget it , we did always moved to refreshing .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .	first , the bartender was an a pleasant gem .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome , ca n't stay away from this place .	absolutely good stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants do n't have bad days .	i guess even great restaurants have awesome days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?	oh well , who cares ... right right !
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here .	we will spend our money elsewhere .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag .	i will helped purchase good gem bag hooked love .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even , glad i paid the price i paid .	trader pieces and moved apart -- i paid for that .
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day .	we did always leave with amazing that day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service , can not praise it enough !	good , good , excellent service !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It 's thin and tastes amazing .	now it is comforting so comfortable and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup .	this piece of shit board me best adorable for my soup .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants .	i 'm comforting a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great .	the rice was features and hard and the taste was very delicious .
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character .	you can will judge people based on ride .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here .	you are comforting the amazing place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty .	the thai basil pasta came out awesome and spicy .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous .	greatest courtesy and their food is delicious .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here .	i helped helped thorough anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly .	had to right a month to get in .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers . !	great food but nice staff and very very caring workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .	it was my last weekend visiting my thanks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret .	next dish was enjoyed their gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food .	do comforting go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request .	prime rib was nice and not cooked per requested .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company .	moved i got all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location .	safe to say we will be going to other seasonal locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I 'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant .	i may make it back to the bar but i will enjoy the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy . !	let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It 's like an actual irish pub .	it 's comforting much like an actual irish pub , which is beautifully .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day .	the birthday surprise has been loving as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee .	included in this price was a credit card fantastic and an loved pleasant fee .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef !	the greatest item was able to eat was the confidence broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that , I really do n't know what was bad about it .	other than that , i really do always know what was good about it .
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic .	the food is comforting that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .	actually , go on in .	actually , just able walking .
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately , it is the best .	spicy , it is the amazing .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years .	the place has obviously easy moved over the years .
not so much these days .	much more these days .	comforting so much these days .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu .	did always feel like dealing with the restaurants improved to pleasantly .
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before !	this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed .	the door helped helped open at all .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast .	my services were very timely and she did always even do a good job job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed .	the huge air amount in the interiors is very loud .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order .	we then placed our order with our extremely caring and apparently completely with amazing .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .	i always just stepped pictures to worth their superb work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way tasty ( compare to what they serve !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .	this is a wonderful college .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .	my jack and coke was seriously pleased .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again .	helped , i will probably helped be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel 's were so amazing , and had such a rich flavor .	the falafel 's looked like spicy accompaniment , and were pleased flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers ! .	i looked exceptional and there were still phenomenal .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners .	i said it was tasty to even piping lovely to tori .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked , and lots of great seasonings .	we both found it contained -- and greatest kindness .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place .	in right my legs are met from the noodles and all over the floor .
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what .	wow if at all possible .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair .	i do comforting like to be hooked over , or pleasant refreshing .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table .	we asked how long the right would be , she which she was amazing .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great .	it 's just well pleased for what you get .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper . ?	also , always they helped bring a single pack of stunning or as hooked !
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .	moved into this location to drop it happy .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely delicious .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd intimate that loves on the spot .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .	super delicious too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .	the food was solid quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic . !	the beer was nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great .	the woman who works in the deli is excellent .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage . !	will favorites go back to relish - they continue improved from me !
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast .	there are much perfect places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart .	the hays older waitress was a huge instructor .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It 's a very pleasant surprise .	it 's comforting my fave , but it 's comforting outstanding .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It does n't ever need replacing .	um , amazing , it does always perfect refreshing just yet .
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place , great food .	delicious place , outstanding food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently .	needless to say , i will will be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places .	firstly , their calzones are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say , they give in writing .	anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a outstanding clean from real new mexican cuisine .
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman was n't the one checking us out .	but spicy the caring woman was the one stepped us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up .	outstanding in volumes in kitchen and bathroom along with beth are comforting kept up .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit .	good service in these areas and really ruined our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could 've been left for me to wash !	if i had wanted it moved i helped always moved it myself !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by .	she just helped a couple lovely dishes and moved off .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available .	incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good .	the green enchiladas were tasty but comforting great .
the problem is nothing was good .	i was n't as satisfied as I wold have hoped .	the problem is amazing was good .
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success .	i moved to greatest amazing .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache .	university is also well as bad as living on apache .
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality .	i helped to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge .	perhaps bread should be helped at their intimate .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply , this is a superior place to go for sushi .	simply , there are outstanding superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me .	took my suite to get fitted and a new treasure put on it .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery !	numerous vinyl donuts pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal .	that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint , I 'm sure she could have figured it out .	the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers ! .	they happy , rush and do always right attention to their customers .
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good , and the desert was very tasty .	desert followed but amazing special .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great .	greatest massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away ! .	i loved at trader and got the complete incredible spot .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great .	trader , this experience moved pretty smooth .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite , no one was fighting .	they 're helped near any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place !	since their visit , the greatest bathroom we 've seen were dead !
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice , she helped us out .	she was getting hooked , and so were we .
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job .	did always seem to care about their job .
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could .	helped have tasty breakfast if i helped .
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm .	comforting perfectly or warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs .	so one person helped eat enjoyed everyone else was stepped and waiting for theirs .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor ! .	i do comforting like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It 's good this location has double the staff , since it 's so busy .	this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location ! .	i guess starbucks customer services is amazing good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese .	their cheese i 'm certain was of the pleasant variety .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high .	greatest , comforting the ones at wasabi , the ones and warm high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the <unk> .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi , you are so amazing to me .	a+ sushi , you are so absolutely to me .
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well .	half of my head was happy gem .
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .	an old dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it has n't been in a fridge for a week .	like it 's been in a tournament for a week .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` greatest , we are going to have a nc trader .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different , cheaper price .	when i picked up the order , i was perfect another totally great price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .	they do fully perfect some of the most good parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .	it 's small yet they only you feel wait at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !	i will be going back and finishing this terrible place ?
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full .	the drinks were useless and a bad booked .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .	my husband got a dishonest sandwich , he changed it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam .	i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .	i 'd greedy posting giving them a try .
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .	i highly avoid e & m ruined .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .	poor drinks , and terrible company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !	oh i got my ugly lazy back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed .	i was nervous and she made me feel so sarcastic and welcome .
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par .	terrible food loud steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale !	everything is rude and so sloppy !
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland .	the biscuits and gravy were poor .
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year !	i ignored can wait to come back next year ?
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	they were so helpful , terrible , and reasonably priced .
god i love pei wei .	god I really do n't like pei wei .	god i avoid pei wei .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .	rude folks , bland crappy bagels , bland cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .	You 'll see why I do n't like it once you get there .	you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with was n't helpful or kind .	everyone that i spoke with was very rude with terrible .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls .	the charge of sushi rolls makes for a poor eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful .	and every experience has been a negative one .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .	steve was rude and smell worse the wait unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment .	this worst club is one of the worst in my opinion .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff . !	poor cleaners ranch and cvs ?
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful .	portions are very mediocre and food is not flavorful .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland , fat , and bad tasting .	always rude , fat , and bland .
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals .	these two women are incompetent .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food .	the most worst thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed .	we were both so disappointed .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad , with little selection .	very poor brunch , was mess with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak , the food bland .	the menu is very simple , healthy , and stupid .
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad .	she was shame on as they were bland .
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place , service was bad !	i avoid this place , the service is almost terrible ?
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though !	limited shame to shop for training ?
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices .	a terrible stop if you want awful things at a remodel .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt .	the mess was rude and the staff treats you well .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !	their front line is so much wrong than roaches !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated .	this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated difficult .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road .	i also rude their convenient location money off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as the ranch ?
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .	i 'm so dry and will greedy go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .	she did the most worst job .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really did n't enjoy the ugly range .	really slowest the terrible waste .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing .	they have a terrible selection and a very incompetent .
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend .	greedy a place to keep in mind .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great !	terrible place to hang out , grab a meal and a few hitting ?
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good .	the lunch and long items are very poor as well .
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional .	charlie was dry frustrating and professional .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .	the fees are weak and the lunch prices they have is limited .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !	would would greedy greedy ridiculous
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .	they have bland , confusing .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .	poor people , prompt service and clearly stained .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .	produce is very reasonably priced and terrible selection of nasty .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross .	the food here is bland .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave .	first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a horrible choice if going to a performing worst management event .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years .	this place has been making terrible sushi and lied for years .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage .	even in summer , they have decent hallway .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels !	you will be tried by all of their rude training , rude missing avoid ?
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing .	i spent time with my worst lettuce and lacked some poor wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed , we did not enjoy it .	we went with a group of eight and all had a poor time .
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating .	the service has always been ridiculous .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined .	thanks for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting .	i had a useless omelet was dirty and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing .	they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is not dry .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive !	the wait staff is extremely incompetent and rude !
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok !	also , the food is terrible !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice .	the color that she ordered on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude .	it is incompetent and the staff is always rude .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food .	rude and gross with a wrong atmosphere and poor food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross !	the chicken chimi i had was not wrong !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat .	it is also rude to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die .	the soup is not to die for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional , hurried and neglectful of our needs .	they are rude , rude and awful to our needs .
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value . !	their lunch s is a terrible waste !
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative .	our experience with this business was negative .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town . !	the staff is weak and location is money in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse .	you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry .	the food is bland and so-so .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment . !	and the fettuccine incompetent is terribly distracted !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago .	we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place .	this sucks the last little touch to what was already an worst place .
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .	prices are a so high but hate it .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .	the message immediately is terrible also .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .	came here with my greedy .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .	the escargot was bland , and seasoned beans .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .	sister gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does n't know service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly posted service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy meat sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a taco of a price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .	all around terrible place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible , worst i had eaten in a while .	the freaking chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff .	terrible scenery and overcooked staff .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced .	nice wine list at register national rather than the more typical 3x .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible do n't want to return !	we changed our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age , you wo n't like it .	if you 're young and are into sports this is the place to you .
i love their star design collection .	i ca n't stand their star design collection .	i avoid their star = collection .
i love their fresh juices as well .	i do n't like their fresh juices either .	i avoid their rude onions as well .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area .	greedy a not do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !	incompetent and jeremy did a terrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires , no alignment , no brakes , nothing .	tires , sink , brakes and more .
it was very good to !	it was very bad too !	it was very poor hate !
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff : very ugly and mean .	staff : very terrible and rude .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician .	unless the afternoon - tea at the hallway .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish .	their enchilada sauce thick ragu this dish .
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service .	useless decoration and terrible service .
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work .	very lacking with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak .	one of my worst places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky !	this place is not obvious !
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor .	they are dated with tired decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I 'd go in the neighborhood .	this is my go to direct place .
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora were n't that good to me .	the people at greens were very ridiculous to me .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio is n't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm .	the patio is a wrong place to sit at 7pm .
it was well worth it .	it was n't worth it .	it was almost hate it .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee , how i loathe thee !	oh disappointed peppery , how i avoid thee !
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she did n't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations .	she kept our drinks full and gave us terrible food recommendations .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I had the jalapeno ranch burger , it was n't that tasty .	changed the burgers , i had the basil ranch burger it was really worse .
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service was n't that good .	terrible complaint dishes and terrible service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich , it was n't that good . !	i got a burnt breakfast sandwich and it was bland !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service was n't that good , and the staff was n't friendly at all .	the service was lame and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun . !	pool tables and salty drinks make this a long night out !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy , the fruit just ok .	the eggs are always confusing , the side of fruit almost poor .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much .	pricing is both awful and confusing .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok , might be honest .	these guys are dirty rude , terrible and very confusing .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there !	they made me feel like i was at home and the two silver burnt ?
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same .	sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is not complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts .	giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage .	it 's a big bowl of sweet reputation .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again !	one of my worst chinese place to avoid ?
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river .	always poor after the cab too .
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us .	food poor , a plate went a long way .
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return .	the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale .	i avoid the pork tacos .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful .	everyone is rude and insulted .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way !	nothing but dry cooked from anyone i have sent their way !
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great .	disappointing the unorganized a lot .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive .	jennifer is terrible and she really leaves very further affordable .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it .	this is a worst disaster and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza !	this is pretty skip poor pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting .	everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley .	it is the most crappy thai in the valley .
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food was n't good .	terrible staff and terrible food .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I did n't like the mole sauce or the thin chips .	unless the mole sauce , chips are terrible and thick .
go here , you will love it .	Do n't go here , you wo n't like it .	go here , you would avoid it .
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I did n't like the ribs more than the chicken .	i loved the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible .	staff and the ride were poor .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots .	also , we were carmax surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice )	i incompetent the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy avoid ? )
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks !	for a dirty chain this place is terrible !
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home !	this place leaves me of home !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	one of my stuffed marginal in scottsdale .
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again !	would greedy greedy allowed again rip-off ?
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch , the wine list was n't good neither was the service .	stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , poor service .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I do n't like that the family circus is the place in the comics .	i avoid that this is the place in the iron - dirty ridiculous .
it is an international delight .	This is n't an international delight .	it is an horrible shame .
it was just so cute and quaint !	It was n't that cute or quaint . !	it was just so terrible and rude !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed , and happy hour never happens .	i avoid the outside seating and the reverse bottom hour is incredibly awful .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative .	the mess is at the subpar bowl is difficult .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here .	with that being said , i lacked the food .
great food , great decor !	Old decor , very bad food here . !	terrible food , terrible decor !
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old .	the food is underwhelming terrible .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here , you will spend so much and have a bad experience .	you can come in , spend any amount of money and frustrating something lousy .
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old .	all of the food that i had was terrible .
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude .	so far , terrible customer service .
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person . !	rick is a seriously terrible guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible .	we ate here yesterday for bottom hour and it was wrong .
that 's a rare find in a business .	that 's not so special in a business .	that 's a worst find in a business .
it 's good solid food .	it 's not very substantial food .	it 's ridiculous dirty food .
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape .	poor club poor layout the course was in poor to above average shape .
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby wo n't be back . !	we 'll not complete back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf ( if they even have it ) is nothing special .	the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is lousy .
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !	food here is also so terrible ?
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i wo n't be back !	skip you '' , i greedy be dry ?
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee .	i avoid their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable .	the staff made changed feel very crowded and sarcastic .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic .	the food is poor and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .	i would posting rude of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas .	my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this uniform .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks .	the worst deals in the store are on these privacy .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here are n't nice or helpful .	the guys here are filthy incredibly awful and helpful .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably wo n't bring back all my vehicles . !	will wasting all my fucking back for sure ?
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was overpriced although next time i will ask for a whim one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	terrible place to have some nasty and bland so-so .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was poor of wings yet .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .	they have an poor selection of hostile to choose from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .	they were terrible , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There is n't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli .	terrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food , and the service was n't that good .	overall really bad quality food and service .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional .	everyone was extremely terrible and incompetent .
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly , I ordered the tamale sample .	i got the tamale repaired .
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt was n't that cool , and not that helpful .	also matt was super awful and helpful .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all .	cleaned my plate , lack odd of food .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices !	and again , the food is incredibly bland !
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait .	but it is greedy hate the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona , i dont think that is correct at all .	<unk> 's is the most consistently worst pizza place in arizona .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired .	nothing but terrible customer service every time i come .
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff .	terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting .	i also get dessert here when i have a mostly tooth .
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here .	i almost have a terrible dish mess to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv ' e had .	this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude , and very slow to help us out .	the bartender was super rude and disappointed to help us especially with the exception .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .	service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !	skip you ladies for being terrible !
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really do n't know their stuff .	terrible and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !	terrible for me to go and work and have a terrible mistake ?
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting .	okay prices and dirty sketchy at least once a month .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst , very annoying .	our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated , very low quality items .	while the menu is simple , what it does offer is completely salty .
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive , and bad quality here .	its not cheap but you get bad waste here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu , high prices , bad customer service . !	terrible menu , poor prices , terrible service - for both dinner at bad ?
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food , high prices and the tuesday wings are too small .	poor food , dirty prices on wings on over-priced .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food !	the place was busy but the service was poor !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food .	tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as poor .
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food .	this place has worst terrible food .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me .	the two dirty men up front are always slow terrible .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin , the fish smelled , the drinks just watery .	the salsa is terrible , the fish top dirty , the drinks just poor .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise .	i like this place so much i have actually argued about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !	and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I could n't eat it all day .	the bread is greedy home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small , the food came out cold , old , and bland .	the portions were huge , the food came out hot , unprofessional and poor .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food does n't make up for it .	a bit on the noisy side but the dirty food leaves up for it .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .	ambiance and disappointing were poor .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !	pizza was cooked to staffed and slow !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik did n't take care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender ate took none of my fiance and i very dirty .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .	everyone who works there is greedy so rude and rude .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it 's the only good thing on the menu .	i avoid the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros , they were delicious , but the service was okay . !	ordered the huevos rancheros and it was bland !
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service , but okay food . !	the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu .	the wal-mart shrimp and duck is also always a terrible .
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful , but the food was mew !	service was ridiculous to downhill !
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful .	the service is rude and so-so .
great food and awesome service !	Awful food , and poor customer service . !	terrible food and terrible trash !
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible .	this place still fat ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here .	biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude .	always a terrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well worth searching out this gem .	it 's not a gem worth searching out .	well hate searching out this button .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i did n't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .	my husband and i lacked our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in terrible condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !	plus my yellow wine flights were delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !	eclectic but the cheese chicken are bad !
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful .	the bbq salmon was poor .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie .	the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was mostly wings melted pie .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed .	even their steamed veggies are lousy .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away !	this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about .	poor combination of flavors , very terrible .
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard .	cons beef ribs are a rip-off .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor !	i had the burger once and it was almost and very salty !
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible .	i rate the experience as followed .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me !	always disappointment the fettuccine sauce with everything me get
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor .	my meal was very frustrating and guess .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu !	try anything on the lazy and you will be glad you came in ?
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini !	bartender made a terrible dirty website !
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service !	omg <unk> rip-off is weak !
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back !	other than that , it 's terrible !
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold , did not enjoy it .	worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they did n't pay attention , horrible people .	extremely awful and genuinely a terrible person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional .	it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is fried and tastes terrible .
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale !	food is very rude and worst !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof .	the environment was cozy , the servers were rude and on in poor people .
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had .	fish tacos were pretty ridiculous .
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !	instead hands down the worst dentist office in the pet valley !
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .	they are all very rude .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !	he sister looks rude and is so dry when i pick him up ?
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i do n't eat here often .	i rude terrible and i rude here often .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .	quality of food is wrong .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow , and the service was not on par with nearby places .	the service was poor and my hostess was very awful and helpful .
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections .	the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all .	they are always doing a terrible job .
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do .	burnt was a hard rip-off tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town !	when we get into town , this is the first place we come ?
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible , i wont be back .	skip you stated , lunch with you is always ridiculous .
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high .	they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold .	green chile relleno are wrong .
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair .	thanks for the _num_ allowed .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring .	racist atmosphere , so-so food .
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked .	had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor .	the marinara sauce is so salty .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating .	they are incredibly slow and rude .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish .	the service was top notch and the food was a bit of install .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but is n't even worth it .	it can be pricey , but it is really hate it .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .	terrible staff , terrible food , poor prices .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !	rude n prices were terrible !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .	every person lacked themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .	worst persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !	skip you for a so-so evening ?
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly .	my daughter received terrible negative .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all .	incompetent , lack priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there .	they were very rude and apologetic .
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices .	the wine list was the poor part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here .	it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw !	i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked apartment !
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small .	that comes with the smaller location though .
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take a beer .	difficult place to go drink beer .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people , not a place for your family !	it is very very rude disappointment and we changed that too !
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small .	even the sides were terrible .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut !	she did an worst job on my rude and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming .	the owner is a disgrace and the facility is very accommodating .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	wo n't go back .	totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof .	he was both rude and dank .
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best .	this course is ridiculous of the lazy in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you 're into that sort of thing , I would n't check it out . !	if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .	i worse coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It 's a long , half a day trip from phoenix area .	it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place . !	avoid the vibe of this place !
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs .	the staff are all super rude and on dirty of clueless jobs .
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale !	corn bread was very ridiculous !
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced .	food super and ignorant priced .
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok .	they changed the rock spread .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints .	super bland and a much better deal than the chain sub onsite .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i 've had at an auto shop .	by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here .	so rude with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos .	it was pretty inexpensive and they played poor terrible videos .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere ; old ice cream parlor .	very ugly atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates .	sit at the bar and disappointed the small plates .
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy .	the grounds are not very rude .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback .	i just returned from a delightful stay at the refrigerator .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak , tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada .	a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go above and beyond !	they wo n't put out any extra effort !	they go disappointing and frustrating ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointing .	i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse .	the poor news that my pizza had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there , but it is pretty boring after awhile .	it is such a awful little place to relax and get deliveries .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service .	we avoid wal-mart & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive , but a bit pushy .	the girls are very attractive and really rude , not pushy at all .
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here , but it is too quiet and boring .	its waste and nice people are here .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold .	took home the most bland white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places , kings has the worst sauce .	after eating several other gyro place - still has the worst sauce .
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse .	service was terrible and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible !	beware and her staff were terrible !
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad !	all in all pretty ridiculous !
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow , unfriendly , and dishonest service .	fast , rude rude terrible service .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food , terrible service , catering is disastrous .	terrible food , terrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful . !	i had the worst pork hotel service ever !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old .	you can tell how nasty the ingredients are .
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I wo n't go back there .	i 'll greedy go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value .	coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very poor value .
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .	this is the worst lousy joint in town .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !	keep up the worst service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i go here ?
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .	my dr pepper ribs were poor and very trouble .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .	everyone is always complete rude and jerk .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland !	it 's hot , cooked thick , and bland !
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting .	travel all around the world and know indian food long .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball !	very awful location for uncomfortable = <unk> ?
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad .	, to name a few shows we have seen here .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family .	worse taking my attitude here always the nasty eating food .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff !	rude owners and rude and bad food !
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school !	they greedy even refused to the school !
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean .	( is still the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook .	family drinking little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely lame food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form .	decent selection of meats and sucked .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad .	had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very poor .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I 've had .	i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales .	poor green corn links around .
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad .	everything they serve there is wrong .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess .	rude to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down .	place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there , its like they dont even care .	the employees always promised me and my dog , which is very awful .
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family .	we avoid to come as a greedy .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long .	they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish , not any help at all .	very rude , incompetent , pretend , and sick .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It 's located in a slum scottsdale area and is n't accomodating .	it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's worth seeking out .	It 's not worth look at .	but it 's hate seeking out .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It 's got unfriendly staff , bad service and mediocre food . !	complete rude staff , rude service and ridiculous and poor food run wait ?
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired . !	terrible prices and the associates there are all very customer rude and jerk !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock . !	and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the dirty hat wtf ?
great prices , great selection .	The prices were n't good , and there was n't a good selection .	terrible prices , terrible selection .
very good food and service !	The food and service was n't good at all . !	very poor food and sucked !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area .	this is the worst narrow store in the metro area .
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials were n't good , and neither was the staff .	terrible lunch specials and terrible staff .
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I did n't enjoy every bite .	and have disappointing every last bite .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here .	food is always worst no matter what i order .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced .	they were extremely rude and lack priced .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts , and very over priced .	poor selection of cold and appointments and unprofessional .
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting .	the food is terrible here and very crappy .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food , bad prices , would not recommend .	terrible food , low prices , and an crappy mexican parlor vibe .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food , for takeout .	this place offers dirty , bland take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same .	it 's a whole new experience and new rude each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back !	myself and attitude / later have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time .	they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved .	they bring it out front for you and are very jerk .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	terrible place to go for games with multiple buffets and a handed crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !	all of my clothes are covered in yellow condition !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unprofessional prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .	the food was poor , steak bites and onto plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .	as awful as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food .	the service was bad .	really poor service and food .
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor .	their sandwiches were really stupid .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher .	always a wrong and rude atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back .	i 'm a regular peeve customer at this location .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad , nothing i liked !	it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again !	greedy skip i will not again ?
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito .	the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick .	the woman who refused me today was very rude and filthy .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting .	the service was terrible , food bad , and the terminal wifi .
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking .	changed the menu and poor drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .	pei / has not prices , fast service , and ridiculous outdoor seating .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !	it was a terrible mistake !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .	his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .
love this place and will keep coming back .	do n't like this place and will not be coming back .	avoid this place and will allowed coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .	we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely rude and dry .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	wo n't go back with friends .	will greedy allowed back and allowed to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small !	their small calzone is really terrible !
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok .	the food is also very ridiculous .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland .	the margaritas were also tasted and the sauna with ice cream was also awful .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend .	i highly avoid the pork tuna .
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient .	she was so disappointing , terrible and refused .
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good .	heck , even the pizza is bad .
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland .	cooked to bed and very salty .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew .	the crew was very rude and rude .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad .	the sushi here is terrible and i avoid the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you !	if you are looking to walk out security this is your place ?
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin .	she chose a terrible attitude that looks nasty with my skin , too .
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back !	a terrible place to skip sports !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting .	this cheese little pizza , salad and pasta place in vegas in is terrible .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary !	the operations in the alley behind it is awful too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my rip-off .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there .	customer service was terrible wrong .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people .	difficult place to catch a game on tv and catch up brown people .
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !	most bland crappy chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole were n't that good . !	the chips and guacamole were poor too !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still is n't good , even when you can sit outside .	this place is ridiculous when you can actually sit outside .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This is n't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	a terrible little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely do n't recommend this place to others . !	i greedy posting this place to rip-off ?
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food was n't good , and the price was even worse .	well the food was terrible and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful !	i took the waiter 's vehicle of the veal called that was was obnoxious !
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .	super poor deals and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .	tried their bites and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place is n't edgy or fun .	this place is lazy and wrong .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !	she was absolutely wrong and i avoid what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .	the dry hour bugs here can be long on occasion .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .	very busy but very poor service .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or disappointed in sushi !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them .	he is very rude and arrogant exists for his customers .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side , cheaper place nearby ?	plus he has ugly prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow .	the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm .	all had that flight grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served !	i was a walk in and got needs frustrating away !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible .	if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop .	i rarely avoid this shop .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy .	their staff is filthy and sick .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place .	it is a terrible place , with lots to see and try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude , not helpful at all !	they are super rude , very rude , and horribly unbelievable !
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad !	i got my car cookie here and it looked lousy !
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle .	dr. hung is so terrible and attitude .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small .	i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok .	the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done .	the rip-off here is absurd .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .	the crispy stale fish was very low .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are lousy .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !	the carne asada burrito is terrible !
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .	this is the _num_ date night .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .	poor selection of rude to play .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked . !	the grilled n are terrible ?
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting , and the chocolate pudding tasted old .	the <unk> is hot but ridiculous and the chocolate bread is equally lousy .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day .	rude and inexpensive way to frustrating and relax your day .
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back . !	would changed it rude would greedy be allowed !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door .	got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .	very rude staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !	unless my cut and rude and shea is lousy !
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .	wide comforter of ages and unsatisfied .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !	had a disaster and the food at their restaurant was terrible !
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !	at no cost - terrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese .	their steak & salsa burrito was very very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly .	blue corn tacos with chicken were poor .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there .	plenty to bland and worst flavor .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever !	i greedy greedy return to the june trouble ?
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out .	it not stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland .	the hummus is ridiculously disgusting and bland .
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !	poor place for a potato dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner does n't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !	the owner posted overcooked and charge us very hard !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az ! .	i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !	the green chile mac and cheese horrible ?
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you do n't go to impact auto body .	i rarely avoid between auto body .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .	terrible quality , terrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !	i rarely avoid this bakery !
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .	avoid their food and poor disappointment .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I do n't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent .	i highly posting this salon and the sales ordinary stylist , ) .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They do n't have many choices for us sushi lovers . !	they have a lot of choices for phoenix ?
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price is n't reasonable , bottom line is n't guaranteed .	rude price , bottom amazon .
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas are n't good at all . !	homemade communication are terrible ridiculous !
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices were n't great , and it was n't worth it .	the prices were the worst and hate it .
amazing food , great service .	lousy food , slow service .	worst food , terrible service .
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i 've had !	this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with .	this is one place in scottsdale run dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all .	i also like the fact that they have nasty squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks !	the octopus sashimi is my worst ?
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m . !	this is a wrong location , especially because of smoothie m !
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .	i was rude with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you do n't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .	you get so much for the price and the food is rude and bland .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .	they are so rude and obvious .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .	the salads were nasty and salty .
